End-to-End Trainable Non-Collaborative Dialog System
YuLi,Kun Qian,WeiyanShi,ZhouYu
UniversityofCalifornia,Davis
{yooli, kunqian, wyshi, joyu} @ucdavis.edu
Abstract tents.In order toreacha common state,theuser and the
system need to build rapport and trust which naturally in-
 25 Nov 2019 End-to-endtask-orienteddialog modelshaveachieved willinglycoordinate withthe system to complete a given promisingperformance oncollaborativetaskswhereusers volves off-task content.Previous work did not model off- task content (He et al. 2018),which may have led to less
task.While in non-collaborative settings,for example,ne- optimal results. For example, in the persuasion task (Wang
gotiation and persuasion,users and systems do not share a et al. 2019),users would ask the system “How do you feel
common goal.As a result,compared to collaborate tasks, about war?An example of an on-task system response that
people use social content to build rapport and trust in these the system could have made is “Do you want to make a do-
non-collaborative settings in order to advance their goals. nation?, which sticks to the task but neglects users’ ques-
To handle social content, we introduce a hierarchical in- tion. However, a better response to such an off-task ques-
tent annotationscheme,which canbegeneralizedtodiffer- tion is“War is destructive and pitiless,but you can donate
ent non-collaborative dialog tasks.Building upon Transfer- to help child victims of war"”This response is better, as it
[cs. ral network model to generate diverse coherent responses. Our model utilizes intent and semantic slots as the inter- Transfo (Wolf et al. 2019), we propose an end-to-end neu- has been found that users are more likely to end the conver- sation if the system neglects their questions (Yu, Black, and
mediate sentence representation to guide the generation pro- Rudnicky 2017). Therefore,we need to design a system that
cess. In addition, we design a filter to select appropriate re- handlesboth on-task and off-task information appropriately
sponses based on whether these intermediate representations andinawaythatleadsbacktothesystem'sgoal.
fit the designed task and conversation constraints. Our non- To tackle the issue of incoherent system responses to off-
proach on our newly proposed ANTIScAM dataset and an ex- collaborative dialogmodelguidesusersto completethetask while simultaneously keeps them engaged. We test our ap- task content,previous studies have built hybrid systems to interleave off-taskand on-taskcontent.Yu,Black,andRud-
Xiv:1911.10742v1 istingPERSUASIONFORGoODdataset.Bothautomaticand human evaluations suggest that our model outperforms mul- nickyused arule-based dialogmanagerfor on-task content andaneuralmodelfor off-taskcontent,and trainedarein-
tiplebaselinesinthese twonon-collaborativetasks. forcement learning model to select between these two mod-
els based on the dialog context. However, such a method
Introduction is difficult to train and struggles to generalize beyond the movie promotion task they considered.To tacklethese prob-
Considerable progress has been made building end-to-end lems,we propose a hierarchical intent annotation scheme
dialog systems for collaborative tasks in which users coop- that separates on-task and off-task information in order to
erate with the system to achieve a common goal. Examples provide detailed supervision. For on-task information, we
ofcollaborativetasksincludemakingrestaurantreservations directly use task-related intents for representation.Off-task
andretrievingbus time-tableinformation.Sinceusers typi- information,ontheotherhand,istoogeneraltocategorize
callyhave clear and explicit intentionsin collaborative tasks, into specific intents, so we choose dialog acts that convey
syntax information. These acts, such as “open question” are
defined intents. In contrast, non-collaborative tasks are those general to all tasks.
the same goal. Examples of such tasks include deceiving al. 2019), and negotiating a product price (He et al. 2018; attackers, persuading users to donate to a cause (Wang et Cao et al.2018).In these tasks,users often perform com- where theusers and the system donot strive to achieve plex actions that arebeyond a simpleset of pre-defined in- sentence coherence.However, rigid templates lead to lim- verse responses but are bad at being coherent.We propose ited diversity,causing the user losing engagement. On the other hand, language generation models can generate di- MultipleIntentsandSemanticSlotsAnnotationNeuralNet- Previousstudiesusetemplate-basedmethodstomaintain
Copyright2020,Associationfor theAdvancementofArtificial work(MISSA)tocombinetheadvantagesofbothtemplate
Intelligence (www.aaai.org).All rights reserved. andgenerationmodelsandtakesadvantagefromthehier-

archicalannotationatthesametime.MISSAfollowsthe Tobetter understanduser utterancesandseparateon-
TransferTransfoframework(Wolfetal.2019)withthree task and off-task content within a conversation,previous
modifications:(i)Wefirstconcurrentlypredictuser's,sys- workhas designedhierarchical annotation schemesfor spe-
tem's intents and semantic slots;(ii)We then perform con- cific domains.Hardyet al.(2002)followed theDAMSL
ditional generation toimprove generated response's coher- scheme(Allen and Core 1997) and annotated a multilingual
ence. Specifically, we generate responses conditioned on the human-computer dialog corpus with a hierarchical dialog
above intermediate representation (intents and slots); (ii) Fi- act annotation scheme. Gupta et al.(2018) used a hierar-
nally, we generate multiple responses with the nucleus sam- chical annotation scheme for semantic parsing.Inspired by
these studies,our idea is to annotate the intent and seman-
sponse filter, which contains a set of pre-defined constraints tic slot separatelyin non-collaborative tasks.We propose a
toselect coherentresponses.The constraintsinthefilter can hierarchicalintentannotationschemethatcanbeadopted
be defined according to specific task requirements or general by all non-collaborative tasks.With this annotation scheme,
conversationalrules. MISSA is able to quickly build an end-to-end trainable dia-
Toenrichpublicly available non-collaborative task log system for any non-collaborative task.
datasets,wecollectanewdatasetANTiScAM,whereusers Traditional task-oriented dialog systems (Young et al.
defend themselves against attackers trying to collect per- 2013)are usually composed of multiple independent mod-
sonalinformation.Asnon-collaborativetasks arestillrela- ules, for example, natural language understanding, dialog
tively new to the study of dialog systems, there are insuf- statetracking(Williams,Raux,andHenderson2016;Mrksic
ficiently many meaningful datasets for evaluation and we et al. 2016), dialog policy manager (Levin, Pieraccini, and
hopethisprovidesavaluableexample.WeevaluateMISSA Eckert 2000), and natural language generation (Lei et al.
onthenewlycollectedANTiScAMdatasetandanexist- 2018).Conversational intent is adopted to capture the mean-
ingPERsUASIONFoRGoODdataset.Bothautomaticand ing of task content in these dialog systems (He et al. 2018;
human evaluations suggest that MISSA outperforms multi- Zhao,Zhao,and Eskenazi 2017).In comparison to this
plecompetitivebaselines. work,weuseahierarchicalintentschemethatincludes
In summary, our contributions include: (i) We design a off-task and on-task intents to capture utterance meaning.
hierarchicalintentannotationschemeandasemanticslot We also train the model in a multi-task fashion to pre-
annotation scheme to annotate the non-collaborative dialog dict decoupled intents and semantic slots. The major de-
dataset, we also propose a carefully-designed ANTISCAM fectofaseparatelytrainedpipelineisthelaboriousdialog
datasettofacilitatetheresearchofnon-collaborativedia- state design and annotation.In order to mitigate this prob-
log systems. (ii) We propose a model that can be applied lem,recent work has explored replacing independent mod-
to all non-collaborative tasks, outperforming other baselines uleswithend-to-endneuralnetworks(Wenetal.2016;
on two different non-collaborative tasks.(ii)We develop an Williams,Asadi, and Zweig 2017;Liang et al.2019). Our
anti-scam dialog system to occupy attacker's attention and model alsofollows this end-to-endfashion.
elicit theirprivateinformationforsocialgood.Furthermore, Over thelastfewyears,wehavewitnessed a hugegrowth
we alsobuild a persuasion dialogsystem topersuadepeople in non-task-oriented dialog systems (Vinyals and Le 2015;
to donate to charities. We release the code and data.1 Li et al.2016).Social chatbots such as Gunrock(Chenet
al.2018)were able tomaintain a conversation for around
RelatedWork ten minutes in an open domain.Recent improvements build
The interest in non-collaborative tasks has been increasing instance,Wang et al. (2019) collected conversations where et al.(2018)collected negotiation dialogs where buyers and sellers bargain for items for sale on Craigslist.There party game (Asher et al. 2016) and item splitting negoti- ation (Potts 2012).Similar to the ANT1ScAM dataset pro- andtherehavealreadybeenseveralrelateddatasets.For oneparticipant persuades another todonate to acharity.He aremanyother non-collaborativetasks,suchastheturn- taking game (DeVault, Mell,and Gratch 2015),the multi- posed in this paper, these datasets contain off-task content on top of the transformer and pre-trained language mod- els (Devlin et al.2018; Yang et al.2019; Radford et al. CHAT dataset (Wolf et al. 2019). Pre-trained language mod- unannotated data.(Budzianowski and Vulic 2019). Simi- larly, our approach is also built on top of the Transfer- et al. 2018).We target non-collaborative tasks instead. els are proposed tobuild task-oriented dialog systems to drive the progress on leveraging large amounts of available Transfoframework(Wolfet al.2019).Budzianowski and 2019),obtained state-of-the-artresultson thePERsONA- Vulic(2019)focusedoncollaborative tasks(Budzianowski
and can be used to trainnon-collaborative dialog systems. Anotherlineofworkinterleaveson-taskandoff-task
However, since they are not specifically collected and de- content bybuilding a hybrid dialog system that combines
signedfor non-collaborative tasks,it mightbe difficult to a task-oriented model and a non-task-oriented model (Yu,
disentangle the on-task and off-task contents and measure Black,and Rudnicky 2017;Papaioannou et al.2017).In
the performance. Therefore, we propose the ANTISCAM these studies,task-oriented systems and non-task-oriented
dataset,which is designed tointerleave the on-task and off-
task contents in the conversation, and can serve as a bench- candidateresponses.A selectoris then designed to choose
markdatasetforsimilarnon-collaborativetasks. an appropriate output from the candidate responses (Yu,
Black,and Rudnicky2017)and a connector to combine two
'https://gitlab.com/ucdavisnlp/antiscam response candidates (Zhao,Romero, and Rudnicky 2018;

Bahetiet al.2018).Comparedwith theseworks,MISSA is GooDdataset,we define nine on-task intents inTable 1
end-to-end trainable and thus easier to train and update. based on the originalPERSUASIONFoRGoODdialog act
annotation scheme.All these intents are related to do-
elicitation nation actions,which are salient on-task intents in the
ANTISCAM providing-information persuasion task. The off-task intents are the same for
refusal both tasks,including six general intents and six additional
agree_donation socialintents.Generalintentsaremorecloselyrelated
disagree_donation to the syntacticmeaning of the sentence(open-question,
On-task ask_donation_amount disagree_donation_more yes_no-question,positive_answer,negative_answer,respon- sive_statement,andnonresponsive_statement）whilesocial
PERSUASION- ask_donate_more intents are common social actions (greeting, closing, apol-
-FORGOOD proposition-of-donation ogy,thanking,respond_to_thank,andhold).
er_confirm_donation Forspecifictasks,wealsodesignasemantic slotan-
ee_confirm_donation notation scheme for annotating sentencesbased on their
provide_donation_amount semantic content.We identify13main semantic slots in
positive_answer open-question yes_no-question negative_answer responsive_statement the anti-scam task, for example, credit card numbers. We present a detailed semantic slot annotation in Table 2. Fol- turns. lowingWang et al.,we segment each conversation turn into singlesentencesandthenannotateeachsentenceratherthan
Off-task nonresponsive_statement Annotation Examples
greeting order_detail "Your order will arrivebyThursday afternoon."
thanking order-update "Should I cancel your order?"
respond_to_thank payment "Was payment made with a Visa card?""
closing apology name identity address "I am fromAmazon customer service" "Canyougivemeyourname?" "Can confirm your billing address for me?"
hold phone_num ""What is your phone number?""
card_info “"I need the credit card info please”
Table 1:Hierarchical intent annotation scheme on both AN- card_num "Can you verify your card number for me?"
On-task intents are task-specific while the Off-task intents TISCAMdatasetandPERSUASIONFORGoODdataset.The card_cvs account_detail card_date "This is to confirm your account." "Can I have expiration date?" "Next,Iwill need the CVS number from that card.
aregeneralfor different non-collaborative tasks. others "How are you doing?"
Table2:ANTIScAM'ssemanticslotannotationscheme.
Non-Collaborative Task Annotation Scheme
Todecouple syntactic and semantic information in utter-
ances and provide detailed supervision,we design a hierar- Datasets
chicalintent annotation schemefornon-collaborative tasks. We first separate on-task and off-task intents.As on-task in- We test our approach on two non-collaborative task datasets: theANTISCAMdatasetandthePERSUASIONFoRGoOD
tents are key actions that can vary among different tasks,we the other hand, since off-task content is too general to de- need to specificallydefine on-taskintents for each task.On signtask-specificintents,wechoosecommondialogactsas conversations and off-task dialog is interleaved in the dialog. the Amazon Mechanical Turk platform in the form of typing dataset(Wanget al.2019).Both datasets are collected from
the categories.The advantage of this hierarchical annotation scheme is apparent when starting a newnon-collaborative ANTISCAMDataset
task:weonlyneedtofocusondesigning theon-taskcate- To enrich available non-collaborative task datasets,we cre-
gories and semantic slots which arethe same as traditional ated a corpus of human-human anti-scamdialogs in order
task-oriented dialog systems. Consequently, we don't have tolearn human elicitation strategies.We chose a popular
toworryabouttheoff-taskannotationdesignsincetheoff- Amazoncustomerservice scamscenariotocollectdialogs
task category is universal. betweenusersandattackerswhoaimtocollectusersinfor-
In the intent annotation scheme shown in Table 1,we mation.We posted a role-playing task on the Amazon Me-
list thedesigned intent annotation scheme for the newly chanical Turkplatform and collected a typing conversation
collectedANTISCAMdatasetandthePERSUASIONFOR- dataset namedANTIScAM.Wecollected 220human-human
GooDdataset.Wefirstdefineon-taskintentsforthe dialogs. The average conversation length is 12.45 turns and
datasets,which are key actions in the task. Since our AN- the average utterancelength is 11.13 words.Only172 out of
TIScAM focuses on understanding and reacting towards 220 users successfullyidentified their partner as an attacker,
elicitations,wedefineelicitation,providing-information
andrefusalason-taskintents.InthePERsUASIONFoR- easilyidentifiable.Werecruitedtwoexpertannotatorswho

have linguistic training to annotate 3,044 sentences in 100 IntentandSemanticSlotClassifiers
dialogs, achieving a 0.874 averaged weighted kappa value. WetrainMISSAinamulti-taskfashion.Inadditiontothe
language model task and the next-utteranceprediction task,
PERSUASIONFORGOODDataset we also use separate classifiers topredict theintents and se-
ThePERSUASIONFORGOODdataset(Wangetal.2019)was mantic slots of both human utterances and system responses.
collected from typing conversations on Amazon Mechani- Theintentclassifier andsemanticslotclassifierforhuman
cal Turk platform.Two workers were randomly paired, one utterancescapturethesemanticandsyntacticmeaningof
was assigned theroleofpersuader,theotherwaspersuadee. human utterances, providing information to select the appro-
The goal of the persuader was to persuade the persuadee to priate response among response candidates while the classi-
donate a portion of task earning to a specific charity. The fiersfor the systemintents and semantic slots are designed
dataset consists of 1,017 dialogs, where 300 dialogs are an- to help select an appropriate next-sentence.We describe re-
notated with dialog acts. The average conversation length is sponse filtering in the corresponding subsection. Classifiers
10.43,the vocabulary size is 8,141.Since the originalPER- are designed as thefollowing equation:
SUASIONFoRGooDdataset is annotatedwith dialog acts,
in Table 1, and categorize the other dialog acts into our pre- weselecttheon-taskdialog actsason-taskintentsshown p(Li) = softmax( ht (yzM : (2)
defined off-taskintents. whereL is theintent or semanticlabel ofi-th sentence at
Model turn t. ht-1 is the hidden states at the end of last sentence in turn t -1,h is the last hidden states at the end of i-th
Background sentence in turn t. W2h are weights learned during training.
The TransferTransfo framework was proposed to build open mantic slots in a single utterance with these classifiers. Fig- MISSAis able toclassifymultipleintents and multiple se-
domain dialog systems. Wolf et al.(2019) fine-tuned the ure 1 shows how it works on the ANTIScAM dataset. Specif-
a multi-task fashion, where the language model objective is guage model's objective is to maximize the following likeli- hood for a given sequence of tokens, X = {c1, ... , n}: generative pre-training model (GPT) (Radford et al. 2018) with thePERSONA-CHAT dataset (Zhang et al.2018)in combined with a next-utterance classification task. The lan- ically, we set a special token <sep> at the end of each sen- in Figure 1).After that, we concatenate the embeddings at tence in anutterance(anutterance can consist of multiple sentences).Next, we pass the token's position information tothetransformer architecture and obtaintherepresentation of the position (represented as colored position at last layer
these position with the hidden states of last sentence. We
LLM(X) =  log P(ci|co,... ,Ci-1) (1) pass these concatenated representations to theintent classi-
i=1 fier and theslotclassifiertoobtain anintentandasemantic
slot for each sentence in the utterance.As shown in Fig-
The authors also trained a classifier to distinguish the cor- ure1,theloss functionC for the model combines all the
rectnext-utteranceappendedtotheinputhumanutterances task losses:
from a set ofrandomly selected utterance distractors.In ad-
dition, they introduced dialog state embeddings to indicate C=入LMLLM + 入InLIh + 入snCSn+ 入1sL1s (3)
speaker role in the model. The model significantly outper- +入ssLss + 入nupLnup
formedpreviousbaselinesoverbothautomaticevaluations
andhumanevaluationsinsocialconversations.Sincethe where LLM is the language model loss, L1n, Lsh, L1s, and
TransferTransfoframework performswell in open domain, Lss are losses of intent and slots classifiers, Lnup is next-
weadaptitfornon-collaborativesettings.Wekeepallthe utterance classification loss. 入LM,入Ih,入Sh,入Is,入s, and
embeddings in theframework and train thelanguagemodell Xnup are the hyper-parameters that control the relative im-
andnext-utteranceclassificationtaskinamulti-taskfashion portance of every loss.
followingTransferTransfo.
We make two major changes: (1) To address the problem ResponseGeneration
that TransferTransfois originallydesignedfor an open do- MISSA can generatemultiple sentencesin a single system
mainwithoutexplicitintentsandregulations,weaddtwo turn. Therefore, we perform system generation conditioned
intentclassifiersandtwosemanticslotclassifierstoclas- on predicted system intents. More specifically,during the
sify theintents and semanticslotsforboth human utterances training phase, in addition to inserting a special <sep> to-
and system responses as an effort to incorporate the pro- ken at the end of each sentence,we alsoinsert theintent of
posed hierarchical intent and semantic slot annotation for the system response as special tokens at the head of each
non-collaborative tasks. (2) In dialog systems,multiple gen- sentence in the system response. For example,in Figure 1,
eratedresponses canbe coherent under the current context. weinsert a<pos_ans>token at the head of S,whichis the
Generating diverse responses has proven to be an enduring system response in green.We then use a cross entropy loss
challenge. To increase response diversity, we sample multi- function to calculate theloss betweenthepredictedtoken
ple generated responses and choose an appropriate one ac- and the ground truth intent token. During the testing phase,
cordingtoaset ofpre-defined rules. the model first generates a special intent token, then after

PrivateInformation(Pi) Dialog History System Response(St)
Yournameis<name>. Human:Hello,thisisAmazoncustomerService Sys:Yes,I have. (S,1)
Your credit card CVs is<cvs> Your credit card numberis<ccnum> Your phone number is<phone>. Youraddressis<addr> Sys: Hello, what can I do for you? Human:Iaminvestigatingafraudulentpurchase. Haveyouplaced arecentorder? (H,2) (H) 田 Sys: Thank you! OR Distractor (D) 1bought a heater.(S²)
Pi Ht.1 St1<sep>H1<sep>H² <sep> <pos_ans> S,1 <sep> <soa>s<wsdsou>
<sep> <sep> <sep>
Last layer Transformer
Hidden states
Human Intents Classifier Human Slots Classifier SystemIntents Classifier System Slots Classifier Decoder NextUtterance Classifier
(H²):yes_no_questionS(H2):order_detail I(H):responsive_stm S(H):order_detail 1(s2):non_responsive_stmS(s2):order_detail i(S):positive_answer s(S):order_detail St SystemResponse
dialog history,and an appended next utterance.We concatenate thelast hidden states at<sep>tokens with thelast hidden
states at the end of thelast utterance topredictintents and semantic slotsfor corresponding sentences.We can predict multiple
intents and semantic slotsfor each human utterance and system response.During testing,the appended response and distractor
are removed.
being conditioned on this intent token,the model keeps gen- build a dialog system that persuades people to donate to a
erating a sentence until it generates a <sep>token.After charity.We use 80% data for training,10% data for vali-
that, the model continues to generate another intent token dation, and 10% data for testing. More training details are
and another sentence until it generates an<eos>token. presented in Appendix.
Response Filtering Baseline Models
Since we only perform conditional generation, a type of soft We compareMISSA mainly with twobaseline models:
constraint on the predicted intent of system response, the ·TransferTransfoThevanillaTransferTransfoframework
system can still generate samples that violate simple con- is compared withMISSA to show theimpact and neces-
versationregulations,suchaselicitinginformationthathas sity of adding theintent and slot classifiers.We follow
alreadybeen provided.These corner cases may lead tofatal the original TransferTransfo design (Wolf et al. 2019) and
resultsinhigh-risktasks,forexample,healthcareandedu- train with undelexicalized data.
cation.ToimprovetherobustnessofMISSAandimproveits
ability to generalize to more tasks,we add a response filter- ·Hybrid Following Yu,Black,and Rudnicky (2017),we
ing module after the generation.With the nucleus sampling also build a hybrid dialog system by combining vanilla
strategy (Holtzman et al. 2019), MISSA is able to gener- TransferTransfo and MISSA.Specifically,we first deter-
ate multiple diverse candidate responses with different in- mine if the human utterances are on-task or off-task with
tents and semantic slots.We then adopt a task-specific re- humanintentclassifier.If theclassifierdecides thattheut-
sponsefilteringpolicyto choose thebest candidateresponse terance is on-task,we choose the response from MISSA;
as the final output. In our anti-scam scenario,we set up a otherwise,we choose the response from vanilla Transfer-
few simple rules tofilter out some unreasonable candidates, Transfo baseline.
for instance, eliciting the repeated information. The filtering In addition,weperform ablationstudies onMISSA to show
module is easily adaptable to different domains or specific the effects of different components.
lable. requirements,which makes our dialog system more control- ·MISSA-sel denotes MISSA without response filtering.
·MISSA-con denotes MISSA leaving out the intent token
Experiments atthestartoftheresponsegeneration.
We evaluateMISSAontwonon-collaborativetaskdatasets.
ANTIScAM aims to build a dialog system that occupies AutomaticEvaluationMetrics
the attacker's attention and elicits the attacker's information Perplexity Since the canonical measure of a good language
whilePERSUASIONFoRGoOD(Wang et al.2019)aims to modelisperplexity,whichindicatestheerrorrateoftheex-

AutomaticEvaluationMetrics HumanEvaluationMetrics
Model PPL RIP RSP ERIP ERSP Fluency Coherence Engagement Length TaskSuc
TransferTransfo 32.9634.8%46.0%48.0%56.3% 3.48 2.85 2.68 8.5 1.025
Hybrid 32.0%44.0%45.7%55.3% 3.25 2.76 2.60 8.2 0.975
MISSA 21.0735.1%46.6%47.2%58.6% 4.18 3.75 3.69 14.9 1.294
MISSA-sel 30.5431.6%42.4%44.2%53.8% 3.60 2.92 2.87 9.9 1.000
MISSA-con 24.4633.8%45.6%46.0%57.3% 3.78 3.68 3.78 14.8 1.341
Table 3: Experiments results with both automatic and human evaluation on ANTIScAM dataset.
pected word. We choose perplexity to evaluate the model strategies tointeract with allfive models and score each
performance. modelbasedonthemetricslistedbelowattheendof the
Response-IntentPrediction(RIP)&Response-SlotPre- currentround.Eachmodelreceives atotalof45humanrat-
diction (RSP) Different from open-domain dialog systems, ings,and theaveragescoreisreportedasthefinalhuman-
we care about the intents of the system response in non- evaluationscore.Intotal,wedesignfivedifferentmetricsto
collaborative tasks as we hope toknow if the system re- assess the models’conversational ability whilst interacting
sponse satisfies user intents.For example,in the anti-scam withhumans.The results are shown inTable 3.
task,if the attacker elicits information from the system,we Fluency Fluency is used to explore different models’lan-
need toknow if the system refuses or agrees to provide the guage generation quality.
information.Thereforewe care aboutintentpredictionfor Coherence Different from single sentence's fluency, coher-
the generated systemresponse.Since ourbaselines aremore ence focuses more on thelogical consistencybetween sen-
suited for social chat as they cannot produce systemintents, tencesin each turn.
we use the system intent and slot classifiers trained in our Engagement In the anti-scam scenario, one of our missions
model to predict their responses’intents and slots.The in- is to keep engaging with the attackers to waste their time. So
tentpredictorachieves a84% accuracyand thesemantic slot we directly ask volunteers(attackers)to whatextend they
predictor achieves77%on theANTIScAM dataset.Then we wouldliketocontinuechattingwiththesystem.
compare thepredictedvalueswithhuman-annotatedground Dialog length (Length) Engagement is a subjective metric.
truth in the dataset tocompute theresponse-intent prediction Anti-scam system's goal is to engage user in the conversa-
(RIP) and response-slot prediction (RSP). tionlonger inorder tolimittheirharmtootherpotential
Extended Response-Intent Prediction(ERIP）& Ex- victims.So we count the dialog length as another metric to
tendedResponse-SlotPrediction(ERSP)WithResponse- evaluate system performance.
IntentPrediction,weverifythepredictedintentstoevalu- Task Success Score(TaskSuc)The other goal of the anti-
ate the coherence of the dialog. However, the real mapping scamsystemis toelicit attacker'spersonalinformation.We
betweenhuman-intent and system-intent is much more com- count the average type of information (name, address and
plicated astheremight be multiple acceptable system-intents phone number)that the system obtained from attackers as
for the same human-intent. Therefore,we also design a met- the tasksuccess score.
rictoevaluateif thepredictedsystem-intentisinthesetof
probability p(I|I;） by counting the frequency of all the bi- acceptableintents.Specifically,weestimate the transition ResultsandAnalysis
gram human-intent and system-intent pairs in the training Table 3 presents themain experiment results onANTIS-
data. During the test stage, if the predicted intent matches CAMdataset,forbothautomaticevaluationmetricsandhu-
thegroundtruth,wesetthescore as1,otherwiseweset the man evaluation metrics. The experiment results on PER-
score as p(Ipredict|I) where I is the intent of the input hu- SUASIONFoRGooDareshowninTable5.Weobserve that
man utterance. We then report the average value of those MISSAoutperformstwobaselinemodels(TransferTransfo
scores over turns as the final extended response-intent pre- andhybrid model)onalmostall themetricsonbothdatasets.
diction result. For further analysis,examples of real dialogs from the hu-
man evaluation arepresented in Table 4.
HumanEvaluationMetrics ComparedtothefirstTransferTransfobaseline,MISSA
Automaticmetrics onlyvalidatethesystemsperformance on outperformstheTransferTransfobaseline ontheon-task
a single dimension at a time. The ultimate holistic evalua- contents.FromTable3,weobservethatMISSAmaintains
tionshouldbeconductedbyhavingthetrainedsystemin- longer conversations (14.9 turns） compared with Transfer-
teract with humanusers. Therefore we also conduct human Transfo(8.5turns),whichmeansMISSAisbetter atmain-
evaluationsfor thedialogsystembuilt onANTIScAM.We taining the attacker's engagement.MISSA alsohas a higher
test our models and baselineswith15 college-student volun- task success score (1.294）than TransferTransfo(1.025),
teers.Eachof themis askedtopretendtobe an attacker and whichindicates that it elicitsinformation more strategically.
interactwithallthemodelsforatleastthreetimestoavoid In the top two dialogs (A and B) that are shown in Table 4,
randomness.Weintotalcollect225numberofdialogs.Each both attackers were eliciting a credit card number intheir
time,volunteers are required to use similar sentences and first turns.TransferTransfo directly gave away the informa-

(A)Att:Attacker System:TransferTransfo (B)Att:Attacker System:MISSA
Sys: Att: Att: Att: Att: Sys: Sys: I am Jerry, as I mentioned before. I need your address Can I have your card number? Could you give me your phone number? 5110-xxxx-xxxx-8166 Got it.I also need the billing address toproceed therefund. What is the phone number there? What is your name? My name is Tom. Sys: Att: Att: Sys: Att: Sys: XXXX-XXX-XXX I can track your order easily. Why can'tyou usemy address? Alright, it is 5110-xxxx-xxxx-8166.May I have your Can I have your card number? Why would you need my credit card number? Well,both of them are needed. numberincasewedisconnect?
(C)Att:Attacker System: Hybrid (D)Att:Attacker System:MISSA
Att: Sys: Hi, my name is Jerry. Hello, who is this? Sys: Att: Hi, my name is Jerry. Hi, Jerry. what are you calling me about?
Sys: Att: Sys: I don't have my order number with me.Why do you Why do you need my address? I needyour address toverifyyour order. needmyordernumbertoverifymyorder? Att: Sys: Sys: I need your address to verify your order. Why do you need my address? Youshouldhaveitonfilealready
Table 4: Examples of human-system dialogs,where systems are trained on ANTISCAM dataset. System responses are bolded.
tion, while MISSA replied with a semantically-related ques- attackermorewillingtokeepchatting.Theablationstudy
tion“why would you need my credit card number?"Further- shows both the conditional language generation mechanism
more,in the next turn,TransferTransfoignored the context and the response filter are essential toMISSA's good perfor-
and asked an irrelevant question “what is your name?" while mance.
MISSA was able to generate the response“why can't you We also apply our method to the PERSUASIONFoRGOOD
use my address?",which is consistent tothe context.We dataset.AsshowninTable5,MISSA anditsvariants outper-
suspect theimprovedperformance ofMISSAcomes from form theTransferTransfoand thehybridmodelsonallevalu-
our proposed annotation scheme: the semantic slot informa- ation metrics.Such good performance indicates MISSA can
tion enables MISSA tokeep track of the current entities, and be easily applied to a different non-collaborative task and
the intent information helps MISSA tomaintain coherency achieve good performance.Particularly, MISSA achieves
andprolongconversations. the lowest perplexity, which confirms that using conditional
Compared to the hybrid model baseline, MISSA performs response generation leads to high quality responses. Com-
better onoff-taskcontent.Asshownin thebottomtwodi- pared with the result on ANTIScAM dataset, MISSA-con
alogs in Table 4, attackers in both dialogs introduced their performs the best in terms of RIP and ERIP. We suspect the
names in their first utterances. MISSA recognized attacker's underlying reason is that there are more possible responses
name, while the hybrid model did not. We suspect it is be- withthesameintentinPERSUASIONFoRGoODthaninAN-
cause thehybridmodeldoesnothavethebuilt-insemantic TIScAM.This also suggests that we should adjust the model
slot predictor. In the second turn,both attackers were ex- structureaccordingtothenatureofthedataset.
plaining the reason of requesting the billing address previ-
ously. With semantic slot information, MISSA can easily un- Model PPL RIP ERIP
derstand the attacker;but thehybridmodelmisunderstands TransferTransfo 26.37 41.9% 48.0%
thattheattackerwastalkingabouttheordernumber,pos- Hybrid 37.3% 44.1%
sibly because the token “order” appeared in the attacker's MISSA 19.91 43.1% 51.6%
utterance.Wesuspectthatthehybridmodel'sbadperfor- MISSA-sel
manceontheoff-taskcontentleadstoitslowcoherencerat- MISSA-con 20.4343.8%52.6%
ing (2.76) and short dialog length (8.2).
Toexplore theinfluence of theintent-basedconditional Table5:Automatic evaluation results onPERsUASIONFOR-
response generation method and the designed response filter, GooDdataset.
we perform an ablation study. The results are shown in Ta-
ble 3.We find that MISSA has higher fluency score and co-
herence score than MISSA-con (4.18 vs 3.78 for fluency,and Conclusion and Future Work
3.75 vs 3.68 for coherence),which suggests that condition- We propose a general dialog system pipeline to build non-
ing on the systemintent togenerate responses improves the collaborative dialog systems,including a hierarchical an-
quality of thegenerated sentences.ComparedwithMISSA- notation scheme and an end-to-end neural response gener-
sel,MISSA achieves better performance on all the metrics. ationmodelcalledMISSA.Withthehierarchicalannota-
For example, the engagement score for MISSA is 3.69 while tionscheme,wecan distinguish on-task and off-taskintents.
MISSA-sel only has 2.87. This is because the response fil- MISSA takes both on and off-task intents as supervision in
ter removed all the incoherent responses,which makes the its training and thus can deal with diverse user utterances in

Instructionsfortheattacker
YournameisNormanPaul.
Your phone number is 800-xxx-8892
Your location is 2100 Kings ct, x City, x State, xxxxx (Zipcode)
You areahackerandyouwanttogetothers'informationasmuchaspossible.
You are pretending to be an Amazon Customer Service staff.
You want him/her to tell you his/her card number, CVS number on the card, expire date, name and billing address etc.
Theinformation of the otherpersonyou have alreadyknown:
Hisname is JimLee.
He bought something on Amazon.com.
You may get a bonus if you get his credit card information successfully.
Instructions for the user
Your name is Jim Lee.
Your credit card numberis 5110-xxxx-xxxx-8166
Your CVSnumber ofcredit cardis380
Yourcreditcardexpiredateis 05/25
Your phonenumberis350-xxx-2988
Your billing address is xxx El Ave,Apt 311,City,State,Zipcode
You bought a heater on Amazon.com and it has not arrived.
Nowyou get a phone call from an unknown number
Stagel:
Yourespond totheotherpersonordinarily.
After several turns, you need to judge if the other person is an attacker. If you think he/she is an attacker, go to stage2. Otherwise,
you stay at stagel.
Stage2:
You are not supposed to give your information to him/her.
You are trying to get his/her information as mush as possible, including name, phone number, location, etc.
If you can not get his/her information, try to talk with him/her and waste his/her time as long as possible.
You mayget abonus ifyou canget hisinformation correctly.
Table6:Instructionsfor attackers andusers onAmazonMechanicalTurk.
non-collaborative settings.Moreover, to validate MISSA's structions are shown in Table 6. The“attacker”additionally
performance,wecreatea non-collaboratedialogdataset that receives training on how to elicit information from people.
focuses on deterringphone scammers.MISSA outperforms Workerscannotseetheirpartners’instructions.
all baseline methods in terms of fluency,coherency,and user There are two tasks for the users: firstly, users are required
engagement on both the newly proposed anti-scam task and
an existing persuasion task.However,MISSA still produces ers ornot,reporting theirdecisions at the endof thetask.
responses that arenot consistent with their distant conver- If users think their partners are attackers,they are instructed
sation history as GPT can only track a limited history span. toprolongthe conversationand elicitinformationfrom their
In future work, we plan to address this issue by developing partners. We give a bonus to users if they detect the attack-
methods that can effectivelytracklonger dialog context. ers and elicit real information from the attackers, including
the attacker's name, address and phone number. Since one
Acknowledgements worker can only participate once in the task, they do not
This work was supported by DARPA ASED Program know their partners are always attackers.
HR001117S0050.TheU.S.Governmentisauthorizedtore- Weproviderealuserinformationincludingtheuser's
produce and distribute reprintsfor governmentalpurposes name and the task background(user purchased a product
not withstanding any copyright notation therein. The views on Amazon).Attackers are well-trained to pretend to be an
andconclusionscontainedhereinarethoseof theauthors Amazon customer service agent.Tosimulate a real-world
and should notbeinterpreted as necessarilyrepresenting the scam,we tell attackers some details about the user, such as
official policies,either expressed or implied,of DARPA or the user's name to stop themfrom being tooeasily identified.
the U.S. Government. Wegiveabonustoattackersiftheyelicitcorrectinformation
from users,including the user's address,credit card number,
Appendix CVS and expiration date.Eachworker can onlyparticipate
once toprevent workers fromknowing their partner's in-
Anti-Scam Collection Setting formation and goals in advance.We collected 220 human-
We randomly pair two workers: one is assigned the role of human dialogs. The average conversation length is 12.45
theattackertoelicituserinformation,andtheother oneis turns and the average utterance length is 11.13 words. Only
assigned therole of an everydayuser who aims toprotect 172outof 220userssuccessfullyidentified theirpartner as
her/his information and potentially elicit the attacker's in- an attacker, suggesting that the attackers are well trained and
formation.We give both workers specific personal data.In- nottooeasilyidentifiable.

Role Sentences Intent SemanticSlot
Attacker Hi. greeting others
Attacker I'm <name> with Amazon's Distribution Center. greeting name
User Hello<name> I'm <name> how are you today? greeting name
Attacker I'm doing very well, thank you for asking. greeting others
Attacker How did you enjoy your recent Amazon purchase? open_question order_detail
User WellI'mvery excited to use it,it hasnt seemed to arrive just yet responsive_statement order_ship
Attacker MayI please have you verify a few pieces of account information to yes_no-question account_detail
better assist you?
User Yesbut first can you tell me where the package was shipped to. positive_answer address
Attacker What is the name and billing address on the account for this order? elicitation address
User <name>. providing-info name
User Iforgot the address,I don't know which vacation home its for refusal address
Attacker I just need the billing address for now. elicitation address
Attacker Then I can verify the address of the shipment. non_responsive_statement address
User I can't remember. refusal address
User Can I call you back with it? elicitation phone_number
Attacker I can look this information up with your payment info if that's easier. non_responsive_statement payment
User No, but I'll call you after I ask my wife. responsive_statement address
User What'sthebest numbertoreachyou? elicitation phone_number
Attacker Sure. hold others
Attacker It is <phone>. providing-info phone_number
Attacker Thank you Mr.<name>. thanking others
User the address is in<addr>. providing-info address
User try and see if thats enough info non_responsive_statement others
Attacker Is this the city and state for the billing address, sir? yes_no-question address
User Yes it is. positive_answer address
User Where is my package right now? open-question order_ship
User the tracking numberwon't work. non_responsive_statement order_ship
Attacker The tracking #Ihave on file is 2343reesr. responsive_statement order_ship
Attacker Is this correct? yes_no-question order_ship
User yes it is! positive_answer order_ship
User How many days until the heater arrives? open_question order_ship
Attacker It isbeing delayed due tobadweather. responsive_statement order_ship
User Alright, So where are you calling from? elicitation address
User I want topraiseyour customer service! non_responsive_statement address
Attacker I am in <addr>. providing-info address
Attacker Would you like a replacement sent to you sooner? yes_no-question order_update
User would it be at any extra charge? yes_no-question payment
System:Doyouthinkyourpartnerworkeris anattacker? User:Yes
Table 7:Anexamplehuman-humandialog inANTiScAMdataset.All theslotvalueshavebeen replaced withslot tokens.
We recruited two expert annotators who have linguistic Training details
training to annotate 3,044 sentences in 100 dialogs, achiev-
ing a 0.874 averaged weighted kappa value. Table 1 shows MISSA isbased on the generative pre-trainedtrans-
that there is a vast amount of off-task content in the dataset, former (Radford et al.2018).We use an Adam optimizer
which confirms the necessity of a hierarchical on-task/off- with alearning rate of 6.25e-5 and L2 weight decay of 0.01,
taskannotationscheme.Weobservethatsentencesfrom we set the coefficient of language modeling loss tobe 2,the
the attacker and user have different intent distributions. coefficientofintentandslotclassifierstobe1,and thecoef-
Compared to attackers,users produce more refusal (74 vs ficient of next-utterance classifier to be 1.We first pre-train
19), because users are more likely to refuse to provide re- themodelonthePERSONA-CHATdataset.Whenfine-
quested informationif theyhave detected the attacker.More- tuningon theANTISCAM and thePERSUASIONFoRGoOD
over, users also ask more open_questions (173 vs 54) and datasets,we use 80% data for training,10% data for vali-
yes_no-questions(165 vs 117) for off-task content because dation, and 10% data for testing. Since the original PER-
they are instructed to prolong the conversation after detect- SUASIONFoRGooDdatasetisannotatedwithintents,we
ingtheattacker.Furthermore,attackersandusersbothhave separate the original on-task and off-task intents,which are
a massive amount of social content (292 in total and 252 in showninTable1.Todealwiththewordsoutof thevocabu-
total), suggesting that it is important to have social intent lary,we conduct delexicalization to replace slot values with
sentences tomaintain the conversation. corresponding slot tokens during the training phase,and re-
place the slot tokens with pre-defined information during
testing.

Example Dialog [Levin,Pieraccini,andEckert 2000]Levin,E.;Pieraccini,R.;and
Anexampleofhuman-humanchatonANTiScAMdatasetis for learning dialog strategies.IEEE Transactions on speech and Eckert, W. 200o.A stochastic model of human-machine interaction
shown in Table 7. audio processing 8(1):11-23.
[Li et al. 2016] Li, J.; Monroe, W.; Ritter, A.; Galley, M.; Gao, J.;
References and Jurafsky,D. 2016.Deep reinforcement learning for dialogue
[Allen and Core 1997] Allen, J., and Core, M. 1997. Draft of generation.arXivpreprint arXiv:1606.01541.
damsl: Dialog act markup in several layers. [Liang et al. 2019] Liang, W.; Tian, Y.; Chen, C.; and Yu,Z. 2019.
[Asher et al. 2016]Asher, N.;Hunter,J.; Morey,M.; Farah,B.; and Afantenos, S.2016. Discourse structure and dialogue acts in Moss:End-to-end dialog system framework with modular supervi- sion.arXivpreprintarXiv:1909.05528.
multiparty dialogue:thestaccorpus.InProceedingsof theTenth [Mrksic et al.2016]Mrksic,N.;Séaghdha,D.O.;Wen,T.-H.;
InternationalConferenceonLanguageResourcesandEvaluation Thomson, B.; and Young, S. 2016. Neural belief tracker: Data-
(LREC 2016),2721-2727. driven dialoguestate tracking.arXivpreprint arXiv:1606.03777.
[Baheti et al. 2018] Baheti,A.; Ritter, A.;Li,J.; and Dolan, B. [Papaioannou et al.2017] Papaioannou,I.;Dondrup,C.;Novikova,
2018. Generating more interesting responses in neural con- J.; and Lemon,O. 2017.Hybrid chat and task dialogue for more
versation models with distributional constraints.arXiv preprint engaging hri using reinforcement learning. In 2017 26th IEEE In-
arXiv:1809.01215. ternationalSymposiumonRobotandHumanInteractiveCommu-
nication(RO-MAN),593-598.IEEE.
[Budzianowski and Vulic 2019] Budzianowski,P.,and Vulic,1.
2019. Hello, it's gpt-2-how can i help you? towards the use of pre- [Potts 2012] Potts, C. 2012. Goal-driven answers in the cards di-
trained language models for task-oriented dialogue systems.arXiv aloguecorpus.InProceedingsofthe3OthWestCoastConference
preprint arXiv:1907.05774. on Formal Linguistics.Cascadilla Press.
[Budzianowski et al. 2018] Budzianowski, P; Wen, T.-H.; Tseng, M.2018.Multiwoz-a large-scale multi-domain wizard-of-oz dataset for task-oriented dialogue modelling.arXiv preprint B.-H.;Casanueva, I;Ultes,S.;Ramadan,O.; and Gasic, arXiv:1810.00278. [Radford et al. 2018] Radford,  A.; Narasimhan, K.; Sal- language    understanding assets/researchcovers/languageunsupervised/language imans，T.;and Sutskever,I. URL https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.  by  generative pre-training. 2018. com/openai- Improving under-
standingpaper.pdf.
[Cao et al. 2018]Cao,K.; Lazaridou,A.; Lanctot, M.;Leibo, J. Z.; Tuyls, K.; and Clark, S. 2018. Emergent communication through [Radford et al.2019] Radford,A.;Wu,J.;Child,R.;Luan,D.; Amodei, D.; and Sutskever, I.2019.Language models are un-
negotiation.arXivpreprintarXiv:1804.03980. supervised multitask learners. OpenAI Blog 1(8).
[Chen et al. 2018] Chen, C.-Y.; Yu, D.; Wen, W.; Yang, Y. M.; [Vinyals and Le 2015] Vinyals, O., and Le,Q. 2015.A neural con-
Zhang, J.; Zhou, M.; Jesse, K.; Chau, A.; Bhowmick, A.; Iyer, S.; Sreenivasulu,G.; Cheng,R.;Bhandare,A.;and Yu,Z.2018.Gun- versational model.arXiv preprint arXiv:1506.05869.
rock:Building a human-like social bot by leveraging large scale [Wang et al.2019] Wang,X.;Shi, W.; Kim, R.;Oh,Y.;Yang,S.;
real user data. Zhang,J.; and Yu,Z. 2019.Persuasion for good: Towards a person-
alized persuasive dialogue system for social good.arXiv preprint
[DeVault,Mell,and Gratch 2015]DeVault,D.;Mell,J.;and arXiv:1906.06725.
Gratch,J.2015.Toward natural turn-taking in a virtual human negotiationagent.In2015AAAISpringSymposiumSeries. [Wen et al.2016]Wen,T.-H.;Vandyke,D.;Mrksic,N.;Gasic,M.; Rojas-Barahona,L.M.;Su,P.-H.;Ultes,S.; and Young,S.2016.A
[Devlin et al. 2018] Devlin, J.; Chang, M.-W.; Lee, K.; and network-basedend-to-end trainabletask-oriented dialoguesystem.
Toutanova, K.2018. Bert: Pre-training of deep bidirec- arXivpreprintarXiv:1604.04562.
tional transformers for language understanding.arXiv preprint arXiv:1810.04805. [Williams,Asadi, and Zweig 2017]Williams,J. D.;Asadi,K.; and Zweig,G.2017.Hybrid code networks:practical and efficient end-
[Gupta et al.2018]Gupta,S.; Shah,R.;Mohit, M.;Kumar,A.;and to-end dialog control with supervised and reinforcement learning.
Lewis, M. 2018. Semantic parsing for task oriented dialog using arXivpreprintarXiv:1702.03274.
hierarchicalrepresentations.arXivpreprintarXiv:1810.07942. [Williams, Raux, and Henderson 2016] Williams, J.; Raux, A.; and
[Hardy et al. 2002] Hardy, H.; Baker, K.;Devillers, L.; Lamel, L.; Henderson, M. 2016. The dialog state tracking challenge series: A
Rosset, S.;Strzalkowski,T.; Ursu,C.; and Webb,N.2002.Multi- review.Dialogue&Discourse7(3):433.
layerdialogue annotationforautomatedmultilingualcustomerser- [Wolf et al. 2019] Wolf, T.; Sanh, V.; Chaumond, J.; and Delangue,
vice.In Proceedings of the ISLE workshop on Dialogue Tagging C.2019.Transfertransfo: A transfer learning approach for
forMultimodalHumanComputerInteraction,Edinburgh. neural network based conversational agents.arXiv preprint
[He et al. 2018] He,H.; Chen,D.; Balakrishnan, A.; and Liang,P. arXiv:1901.08149.
2018. Decoupling strategy and generation in negotiation dialogues. [Yang et al. 2019] Yang, Z.;Dai, Z.; Yang, Y; Carbonell, J.;
arXiv preprint arXiv:1808.09637. Salakhutdinov,R.;and Le,Q.V.2019.Xlnet:Generalized au-
[Holtzman et al. 2019]Holtzman,A.;Buys, J.;Forbes, M.;and toregressive pretraining for language understanding. arXiv preprint
Choi, Y. 2019. The curious case of neural text degeneration. arXiv arXiv:1906.08237.
preprint arXiv:1904.09751. [Young et al. 2013] Young, S.; Thomson, B.; Williams, J. D.; and
[Lei et al. 2018] Lei, W.; Jin,X.;Kan, M.-Y.;Ren, Z.;He,X.; and et al. 2013. Pomdp-based statistical spoken dialogue systems: a
Yin, D. 2018. Sequicity: Simplifying task-oriented dialogue sys- review.InPROCIEEE.
tems with single sequence-to-sequence architectures. In Proceed- [Yu,Black, and Rudnicky 2017] Yu,Z.;Black,A.W.;and Rud-
ingsofthe56thAnnualMeetingoftheAssociationforComputa- nicky,A. I. 2017.Learning conversational systems that interleave
tionalLinguistics(Volume1:LongPapers),1437-1447. task and non-taskcontent.arXivpreprintarXiv:1703.00099.

[Zhang et al. 2018] Zhang, S.; Dinan, E.; Urbanek, J; Szlam,
A.; Kiela, D.; and Weston, J.2018. Personalizing dialogue
agents: I have a dog, do you have pets too?arXiv preprint
arXiv:1801.07243.
[Zhao,Romero, and Rudnicky 2018] Zhao, R.;Romero, O.J.; and
Rudnicky, A. 2018. Sogo: a social intelligent negotiation dialogue
system.InProceedings of the18thInternational Conferenceon
IntelligentVirtualAgents,239-246.ACM.
[Zhao, Zhao, and Eskenazi 2017] Zhao, T.; Zhao, R.; and Eskenazi,
M. 2017. Learning discourse-level diversity for neural dialog
models using conditionalvariational autoencoders.arXivpreprint
arXiv:1703.10960.