Question Generation from a Knowledge Base with Web Exploration
Linfeng Song' and Lin Zhao2
1Computer Science Department, University of Rochester, Rochester, NY, 14623
2Bosch Research and Technology Center, Palo Alto, CA, 94304
Abstract
Question generation from a knowledge
base (KB)is the task of generating ques-
tions related to the domain of the input
KB. We propose a system for generating
Feb 2017 fluent and natural questions from a KB,
which significantly reduces the human ef-
fort by leveraging massive web resources.
In more detail,a seed question set is first
generated by applying a small number of
hand-crafted templates on the input KB,
[cs.CL] 1 I thenmore questions are retrieved byitera-
tivelyforming already obtained questions
gine, before finally questions are selected
byestimating their fluencyand domain
relevance.Evaluated by human graders
on 500 random-selected triples from Free-
base,questions generated by our system
are judged to be more fluent than those of
Xiv:1610.03807v2 Serban et al. (2016) by human graders.
1Introduction
Question generation is important as questions are
useful for student assessment or coaching pur-
poses in educational or professional contexts,and
e a large-scale corpus of question and answer pairs
is also critical to many NLP tasks including ques-
tion answering, dialogue interaction and intelli-
gent tutoring systems. There has been much litera-
ture so far(Chen et al.,2009;Aliet al.,2010;Heil-
man and Smith, 2010; Curto et al., 2012; Lindberg
et al.,2013; Mazidi and Nielsen, 2014; Labutov et
al., 2015) studying question generation from text.
Recently people are becoming interested in ques-
tion generation from KB, since large-scale KBs,
such as Freebase (Bollacker et al., 2008) and DB-
Pedia (Auer et al., 2007), are freely available, and
entitiesandtheirrelationsarealreadypresentin
KBs but not for texts.
Question generation from KB is challenging as
function words and morphological forms for en-
tities are abstracted awaywhen aKB is created.
To tackle this challenge, previous work (Seyler et
al.,2015;Serbanet al.,2016)relies onmassive
human-labeled data.Treating question generation
as a machine translation problem, Serban et al.
(2016) train a neural machine translation (NMT)
system with 10,000 <triple*, question) pairs. At
testtime,input triplesare“translated"intoques-
tions with the NMT system. On the other hand, the
question part of the 10,000 pairs are human gen-
erated, which requires a large amount of human
effort. In addition, the grammaticality and natural-
ness of generated questions can not be guaranteed
(as seen in Table 1).
We propose a system for generating ques-
tions from KB that significantly reduces the hu-
man effort byleveraging the massive webre-
sources. Given a KB, a small set of question tem-
plates are first hand-crafted based on the pred-
icates in the KB. These templates consist of a
transcription of the predicate in the KB (e.g.
performsActivity=how to)and placeholders for
thesubject(#X#)and theobject(#Y#).Aseed
question set is then generated by applying the tem-
plates on the KB. The seed question set is further
expanded through a search engine (e.g., Google,
Bing), by iteratively forming each generated ques-
tion as a search query to retrieve more related
question candidates. Finally a selection step is ap-
plied by estimating the fluency and domain rele-
vance of each question candidate.
The only human labor in this work is the ques-
tiontemplateconstruction.Oursystemdoesnot
require a large number of templates because: (1)
the iterative question expansion can produce a
'A triple is a <subject,predicate,object) in KB, such as
<jigsaw,performsActivity,CurveCut)

Knowledge Base question template construction templates question
seed question generation
seed questions web search
expansion uonsanb engine
expanded
questions
Figure 1: Overview of our framework.
large number of questions even with a relatively
small number of seed questions,as we see in the
experiments,(2) multiple entities in the KB share
the same predicates. Another advantage is that our
system can easily generate updated questions as
web is self-updating consistently. In our experi-
ment, we compare with Serban et al.(2016) on 500
random selected triples from Freebase (Bollacker
et al., 2008). Evaluated by 3 human graders, ques-
tions generated by our system are significantly bet-
ter then Serban et al. (2016) on grammaticality and
naturalness.
2 Knowledge Base
A knowledge base(KB)canbe viewed as a di-
rected graph, in which nodes are entities (such as
"jigsaw" and “CurveCut") and edges are relations
of entities (such as “performsActivity").A KB
canalsobeviewedasalistoftriplesintheformat
of(subject,predicate,object),where subjects and
objects are entities, and predicates are relations.
3 System
Shown in Figure 1, our system contains the sub-
modules of question template construction, seed
question generation, question expansion and se-
lection. Given an input KB, a small set of ques-
tion templates is first constructed such that each
template is associated with a predicate,then a seed
questionsetisgenerated by applyingthetemplate
set on the input KB,before finally more ques-
tions are generated from related questions that
areiterativelyretrievedfromasearchenginewith
already-obtained questions as search queries(sec-
tion 3.1). Taking our in-house KB of power tool
domain as an example, template “how to use #X#"
is first constructed for predicate“performsActiv-
ity". In addition, seed question “how to use jig-
saw" is generated by applying the template on
triple “<jigsaw, performsActivity, CurveCut)", be-
Searchesrelated tohow touse jigsaw
how to use ajigsaw to cut a straightlinehow thick of wood canajigsaw cut
how to use a jigsaw to cut a circle can a jigsaw cut a 2x4
how to use a jigaw to cut curves howtocut plywood withajgsaw without splintering
how to use ajigsaw to cut ahole how to use a jigsawto cut laminate flooring
Figure 2:Related search results for the question
"how to use jigsaw".
Data: seed question set S
Result:candidate questions E
1E←S;
2 Q←S;
3I←0;
4 while LEN(Q) > 0 and I < Imax do
5 I=I+ 1;
6 Qcur ← Q.POPO);
7 for qnext in WEBExP(qcur) do
8 if not E.CONTAINS(qnext) then
9 E.APPEND(qnert);
10 Q.PUSH(qnect);
11 end
12 end
13 end
Algorithm1: Question expansion method
fore finally questions (Figure 2) are retrieved from
Google with the seed question.
3.1 Question expansion andselection
Shown in Algorithm 1, the expanded question set
E is initialized as the seed question set (Line 1). In
each iteration, an already-obtained question is ex-
pandedfromweb and theretrievedquestions are
added to E if E does not contain them (Lines 6-
10). As there may be a large number of questions
generated in the loop, we limit the maximum num-
ber of iterations with Imar (Line 4).
The questions collected from the web search en-
gine may not be fuent or domain relevant; espe-
cially the domain relevance drops significantly as
the iteration goes on.Here we adopt a skip-gram
model (Mikolov and Dean, 2013) and a language
model for evaluating the domain relevance and flu-
ency of the expanded questions, respectively. For
System grammatical naturalness
Serban et al. (2016) 3.36 3.14
Ours 3.53 3.31
Table 2: Human ratings of generated questions

Table 1: Comparing generated questions
Ours
what is the cultural heritage of churchill national park
whichcountryis thelargestfinancialcenteroflatinamerica
which countryhas thelargest freshwater lake in central
america
howdoesleukemia affectthebodyinchildren
how does the nervous systemmaintain homeostasis
why were colonial minutemen so prepared for the arrival of
the british in concord
which is the only country to have a bible on their national
flag
whyisnewyorkcalled thecitythatneversleeps
what three important documents were written in pennsylva-
nia
domain relevance,we take theseed question set as
thein-domaindataDin,the domainrelevance of
expanded question q is defined as:
REL(q) = cos(v(q),v(Din)) (1)
where v(）is the document embedding defined as
the averaged word embedding within the docu-
ment. For fluency, we define the averaged lan-
guage model score as:
LM(q)
AVGLM(q) = LEN(q) (2)
where LM(） is the general-domain language
model score (log probability), and LEN() is the
word count. We apply thresholds trel and tflu
for domain relevance and fluency respectively, and
filter out questions whose scores are below these
thresholds.
4 Experiments
We perform three experiments to evaluate our sys-
tem qualitatively and quantitatively.In the first
experiment,we compare our end-to-end system
with theprevious state-of-the-art method(Serban
et al.,2016) on Freebase (Bollackeret al.,2008),a
domain-general KB.In the second experiment,we
validate our domainrelevanceevaluationmethod
on a standard dataset about short document classi-
fication. In the final experiment, we run our end-
to-end system on a highly specialized in-houseKB
and present sample results, showing that our sys-
tem is capable of generating questions from do-
main specific KBs.
Serban et al. (2016)
where in australia is churchill national park
what's one of the mountain where can you found in ar-
gentina in netflix
what is an organization thatwasborninlatin america
what are the major town three gringos invenezuela and cen-
tral america book
whowassomeonewhowasinvolved in theleukemia
what is the drug category of central nervous system stimula-
tion
what county is concord in
whats the title of a book of the subject of thebible
whowasborninnewyork
what is located in pennsylvania
4.1Evaluation onFreebase
We first compare our system with Serban et al.
(2016）on500randomlyselectedtriplesfrom
Freebase (Bollacker et al.,2008)².For the 500
triples,we hand-crafted 106 templates,as these
triplesshareonly53distinctpredicates(wemade
2 templates for each predicate on average). 991
seed questions aregenerated by applyingthe tem-
plates on the triples, and 1529 more questions are
retrieved from Google. To evaluate the fluency of
the candidate questions, we train a 4-gram lan-
guage model (LM) on gigaword (LDC2011T07)
with Kneser Ney smoothing. Using the averaged
language model score as index, the top 500 ques-
tions are selected to compare with the results from
Serban et al. (2016). We ask three native English
speakers to evaluate the fluency and the natural-
ness? of both results based on a 4-point scheme
where 4 is the best.
We show the averaged human rate in Table 2,
wherewecansee that ourquestionsaremore
grammatical and natural than Serban et al. (2016).
The naturalness score is less than the grammatical
score for both methods. It is because naturalness is
a more strict metric since a natural question should
also be grammatical.
Shown in Table 1，we compare our questions
withSerban et al.(2016)wherequestions in the
sameline describe the same entity.We can see
that our questions aregrammatical and natural as
these questions are what people usually ask on the
web. On the other hand, questions from Serban et
al. (2016) are either ungrammatical (such as “who
2We obtain their results from http://agarciaduran.org
3whether people will ask in reality

Method Precision
Phan et al. (2008) 82.18
Chen et al. (2011) 85.31
Ma et al. (2015) 85.48
Ours 85.65
Table 3:Precision on the web snippet dataset
wassomeonewhowasinvolvedin theleukemia?
and“whats thetitleof abookof thesubject of the
bible ?"), unnatural ("what 's one of the mountain
where can you found in argentina in netflix ?")or
confusing("whowas someone who was involved
in the leukemia ?").
4.2DomainRelevance
We test our domain-relevance evaluating method
on the websnippet dataset,which is a commonly-
used for domain classification of short documents.
It contains 10,060 training and 2,280 test snippets
(shortdocuments)in8classes(domains),andeach
snippet has 18 words on average. There have been
plenty of prior results (Phan et al., 2008; Chen et
al.,2011;Ma et al.,2015)on the dataset.
Shown in Table 3, we compare our domain-
relevanceevaluationmethod(section3.1）with
previous state-of-the-art methods:Phan et al.
(2008)first derives latent topics with LDA (Blei
et al., 2003) from Wikipedia, then uses the top-
ics as appendedfeatures to expand the short text.
Chen et al.(2011) further expanded Phan et al.
(2008) by using multi-granularity topics. Ma et
al.(2015) adopts a Bayesian model that the prob-
ability a document D belongs to a topic t equals
tothepriorofttimestheprobabilityeachword
w in D comes from t. Our method first concate-
nates training documents of the same domain into
one“domain document",then calculates each doc-
ument embedding by averaging word embeddings
within it, before finally assigns the label of the
nearest (cosine similarity）“domain document"to
eachtestdocument.
Simple as it is, our method outperforms all pre-
vious methods proving its effectiveness. The rea-
son can be that word embeddings captures the sim-
and “economy"), while it is hard for traditional
methods. On the order hand, LDA only learns
probabilities of words belonging to topics.
howtochangecircular sawblade
how to measure lawn mower cutting height
how to sharpen drill bits on bench grinder
how does an oscillating multi tool work
how to cut a grooveinwoodwithout a router
what typeof sander touse on deck
do i need a hammer drill
cani use acrylicpaint onwood
how to use a sharpening stone with oil
Table 4: Example question expanded
4.3Evaluation on the Domain-specific KB
The last experiment is on our in-house KB in the
power tool domain.It contains 67 distinct pred-
icates, 293 distinct subjects and 279 distinct ob-
jects respectively. For the 67 predicates, we hand-
craft 163 templates. Here we use the same lan-
guage model as in our first experiment, and learn
a skip-gram model (Mikolov and Dean, 2013) on
Wikipedia4for evaluatingdomain relevance.
We generate12,228seed questions fromwhich
20,000 more questions are expanded with Google.
Shown in Table 4 are some expanded questions
from which wecansee that most of them are gram-
matical and relevant to the power tool domain. In
addition, most questions are informative and cor-
respond to a specific answer, except the one“do
I need a hammer drill that lacks context infor-
mation.Finally, in addition to the simple fac-
toid questions,our system generates many com-
plex questions such as “how to cut a groove in
wood without a router".
5 Conclusion
We presented a system to generate natural lan-
guage questions from a knowledge base.  By
leveraging rich web information, our system is
abletogeneratedomain-relevantquestionsinwide
scope, while human effort is significantly reduced.
Evaluated by human graders, questions generated
by our system are significantlybetter than these
fromSerbanet al.(2016)on500random-selected
triples from Freebase. We also demonstrated gen-
erated questions from our in-house KB of power
tool domain,which are fluent and domain-relevant
in general.Our current system only generates
questions without answers, leaving automatic an-
swermining as ourfuture work.
4https://dumps.wikimedia.org/

References
[Aliet al.2010]Husam Ali,Yllias Chali,and Sadid A
Hasan.2010.Automation of question generation
from sentences.In Proceedings of QG2010:The
ThirdWorkshoponQuestionGeneration,pages58-
67.
[Auer et al.2007] Soren Auer, Christian Bizer, Georgi
Kobilarov,Jens Lehmann,Richard Cyganiak,and
Zachary Ives. 2007. Dbpedia: A nucleus for a web
of open data.In The semantic web,pages 722-735.
Springer.
[Bleiet al.2003] David M Blei, Andrew Y Ng, and
Michael I Jordan. 2003. Latent dirichlet allocation.
Journal of machine Learning research,3(Jan):993-
1022.
[Bollacker et al.2008] Kurt Bollacker, Colin Evans,
Praveen Paritosh,Tim Sturge,and Jamie Taylor.
2008.Freebase:a collaboratively created graph
databasefor structuring humanknowledge.In Pro-
ceedings of the 2008 ACM SIGMOD,pages1247-
1250. ACM.
[Chen et al.2009] WChen,GAist,and J Mostow.
2009. Generating questions automatically from in-
formational text.In Proceedings of the 2nd Work-
shop on Question Generation, pages 17-24.
[Chen et al.2011] Mengen Chen, Xiaoming Jin, and
Dou Shen.2011.Short text classification im-
proved by learning multi-granularity topics. In IJ-
CAl,pages 1776-1781.Citeseer.
[Curto et al.2012]Sérgio Curto, A Mendes,and Luisa
Coheur. 2012. Question generation based on lexico-
syntactic patterns learned from the web.Dialogue&
Discourse,3(2):147-175.
[Heilman and Smith2010]MichaelHeilmanand
Noah A Smith.2010.Good question! statistical
ranking for question generation. In Human Lan-
guageTechnologies:The2010Annual Conference
oftheNorthAmericanChapteroftheAssociation
for Computational Linguistics, pages 609-617.
AssociationforComputationalLinguistics.
[Labutov et al.2015] Igor Labutov, Sumit Basu, and
Lucy Vanderwende.2015.Deep questions with-
out deep understanding.InProceedings of the53rd
AnnualMeetingoftheAssociationforComputa-
tional Linguistics (ACL-15),pages 889-898,Bei-
jing, China.
[Lindberg et al.2013] David Lindberg, Fred Popowich,
John Nesbit, and Phil Winne. 2013. Generating nat-
ural language questions to support learning on-line.
pages 105-114.
[Ma et al.2015] Chenglong Ma, Weiqun Xu, Peijia Li,
and Yonghong Yan. 2015. Distributional represen-
tations of words for short text classification. In Pro-
ceedingsoftheIstWorkshoponVectorSpaceMod-
eling for Natural Language Processing,pages 33-
38,Denver, Colorado.
[Mazidi andNielsen2014]KarenMazidi and RodneyD
Nielsen.2014.Linguistic considerations in auto-
matic question generation.In Proceedings of ACL,
pages 321-326.
[Mikolov and Dean2013]T Mikolov and JDean.2013.
Distributed representations of words and phrases
and their compositionality.Advances in neural in-
formationprocessingsystems.
[Phan et al.2008] Xuan-Hieu Phan, Le-Minh Nguyen,
and Susumu Horiguchi. 2008. Learning to classify
short and sparse text &webwith hidden topics from
large-scale data collections.In Proceedings of the
17thinternationalconferenceonWorldWideWeb,
pages 91-100.
[Serban et al.2016]IulianVladSerban,AlbertoGarcia-
Duran,Caglar Gulcehre,Sungjin Ahn,Sarath Chan-
dar, Aaron Courville, and Yoshua Bengio.2016.
Generatingfactoidquestionswithrecurrentneural
networks: The 30m factoid question-answer corpus.
InProceedingsofthe54thAnnualMeetingoftheAs-
sociation for Computational Linguistics(ACL-16),
pages 588-598, Berlin, Germany.
[Seyler et al.2015] Dominic Seyler, Mohamed Yahya,
and Klaus Berberich. 2015. Generating quiz ques-
tions from knowledge graphs.InProceedings of the
24thInternationalConferenceonWorldWideWeb,
pages 113-114. ACM.