Question Generationfrom aKnowledgeBasewithWebExploration
Linfeng Song' and Lin Zhao2
1Computer Science Department, University of Rochester, Rochester, NY, 14623
2Bosch Research and Technology Center,Palo Alto,CA,94304
Abstract KBs but not for texts.
Question generation from KB is challenging as
Question generation from a knowledge function words and morphological forms for en-
base (KB) is the task of generating ques- tities are abstracted away when a KB is created.
tions related to the domain of the input To tackle this challenge,previous work(Seyler et
0 2 KB.We propose a system for generating fluent and natural questions from a KB, human-labeled data.Treating question generation al.,2015; Serban et al., 2016) relies on massive
6 which significantly reduces the human ef- as a machine translation problem, Serban et al.
fort by leveraging massive web resources. (2016) train a neural machine translation (NMT)
1 In more detail, a seed question set is first system with 10,000(triple',question)pairs.At
generated by applying a small number of test time, input triples are “translated" into ques-
hand-crafted templates on the input KB, tions with the NMT system. On the other hand,the
then more questions are retrieved by itera- question part of the 10,000 pairs are human gen-
[cs. as search queries into a standard search en- tivelyforming already obtainedquestions erated,which requires a large amount of human effort. In addition, the grammaticality and natural-
gine,before finally questions are selected ness of generated questions can not be guaranteed
2 V relevance. Evaluated by human graders by estimating their fluency and domain (as seen in Table 1).
on500random-selectedtriplesfromFree- tionsfromKBthatsignificantlyreducesthehu-
8 3 O O base, questions generated by our system Serban et al. (2016) by human graders. are judged to be more fluent than those of plates are first hand-crafted based on the pred- sources. Given a KB, a small set of question tem- maneffort byleveraging themassive web re-
6 1Introduction transcription of the predicate in the KB (e.g. icates in the KB.These templates consist of a
Question generation is important as questions are performsActivity=how to)and placeholders for
useful for student assessment or coaching pur- the subject (#X#) and the object (#Y#).A seed
poses in educational or professional contexts, and question set is then generated by applying the tem-
a large-scale corpus of question and answer pairs plates on the KB. The seed question set is further
is also critical to many NLP tasks including ques- expanded through a search engine (e.g., Google,
tion answering, dialogue interaction and intelli- Bing),by iteratively forming each generated ques-
gent tutoring systems. There has been much litera- tion as a search query to retrieve more related
ture so far (Chen et al., 2009; Ali et al., 2010; Heil- question candidates. Finally a selection step is ap-
man and Smith, 2010; Curto et al.,2012; Lindberg plied by estimating the fluency and domain rele-
et al., 2013; Mazidi and Nielsen, 2014; Labutov et vance of each question candidate.
al.,2015) studying question generation from text. The only human labor in this work is the ques-
Recently people are becoming interested in ques- tion template construction.Our system does not
tion generation from KB, since large-scale KBs, require a large number of templates because: (1)
such as Freebase (Bollacker et al.,2008) and DB- the iterative question expansion can producea
Pedia (Auer et al., 2007), are freely available, and A triple is a (subject,predicate,object) in KB, such as
entities and their relations are alreadypresent in (jigsaw, performsActivity,CurveCut)

Knowdedge Base gedusal uogsanb construction templates question Searches related to how to use jigsaw no mesb([ e ue poom jo xpμgmoou ujeps epno o mes[eosn o mou
uopsanb paes uogeaua6 how to useajgsawto cut a circle how to use a jgsaw to cut curves can a jgsaw cut a 2x4 how to cut plywood with a jgsaw without splintering
seed questions  web search how to use a jgsawr to cut a hole how to use a jgaw to cut laminate flooring
question uojsuedxa engine
Figure 2: Related search results for the question
expanded suogsenb "how to use jigsaw".
Figure 1: Overview of our framework. Data: seed question set S
Result: candidate questions E
1E←S;
small number of seed questions, as we see in the large number of questions evenwith arelatively 2Q←S;
3I←0;
experiments, (2) multiple entities in the KB share 4 while LEN(Q)>0 and I<Imax do
thesamepredicates.Another advantageisthat our I =I + 1;
ment,we compare with Serban et al.(2016) on 500 system can easily generate updated questions as et al.,2008).Evaluated by 3 human graders,ques- tions generated by our system are significantly bet- web is self-updating consistently.In our experi- randomselectedtriplesfromFreebase(Bollacker 01 6 7 8 qcur ←Q.POPO; for qnext in WEBEXP(qcur） do if not E.CONTAINS(qnext) then E.APPEND(qnext); Q.PUSH(qnext);
ter then Serban et al. (2016) on grammaticality and 11 end
naturalness. 12 end
13end
2 Knowledge Base Algorithm1:Question expansionmethod
A knowledge base (KB) can be viewed as a di-
rected graph, in which nodes are entities (such as fore finally questions (Figure 2) are retrieved from
"jigsaw"”and "CurveCut") and edges are relations Googlewith theseedquestion.
can alsobeviewed as a list of triples in theformat 3.1 Question expansion andselection
of (subject, predicate, object),where subjects and Shown in Algorithm 1, the expanded question set
objects are entities, and predicates are relations. Eis initialized as the seed question set (Line 1). In
3System each iteration,an already-obtained question is ex-
panded from web and the retrieved questions are
Shown in Figure 1, our system contains the sub- added to E if E does not contain them (Lines 6-
modules of question template construction, seed 10). As there may be a large number of questions
question generation, question expansion and se- generated in the loop, we limit the maximum num-
lection. Given an input KB,a small set of ques- ber of iterations with Imar (Line 4).
tion templates is first constructed such that each The questions collected from the web search en-
templateis associated with a predicate,then a seed gine may not be fluent or domain relevant; espe-
question set is generated by applying the template cially the domain relevance drops significantly as
set on the input KB, before finally more ques- the iteration goes on. Here we adopt a skip-gram
tions are generated from related questions that model (Mikolov and Dean, 2013) and a language
areiterativelyretrievedfromasearchenginewith model for evaluating the domain relevance and flu-
already-obtained questions as search queries (sec- ency of the expanded questions,respectively. For
tion 3.1). Taking our in-house KB of power tool
domain as an example, template “how to use #X#" System grammatical naturalness
is first constructed for predicate “performsActiv- Serban et al. (2016) 3.36 3.14
ity". In addition, seed question “how to use jig- Ours 3.53 3.31
saw”is generated by applying the template on
triple “(jigsaw, performsActivity, CurveCut)", be- Table 2:Human ratings of generated questions

Ours Serban et al. (2016)
what is the cultural heritage of churchill national park where in australia is churchill national park
what 's one of the mountain where can you found in ar-
gentina in netflix
which country is the largest financial center of latin america what is an organization that was born in latin america
which country has the largest freshwater lake in central what are the major town three gringos in venezuela and cen-
america tral america book
how does leukemia affect the body in children whowas someone whowas involved in the leukemia
how does the nervous system maintain homeostasis what is the drug category of central nervous system stimula-
tion
why were colonial minutemen so prepared for the arrival of what county is concord in
the british in concord
which is the only country to have a bible on their national whats the title of a book of the subject of the bible
flag
why is new york called the city that never sleeps who was born in new york
what three important documents were written in pennsylva- what is located in pennsylvania
nia
Table 1: Comparing generated questions
domain relevance,we take the seed question set as 4.1Evaluation onFreebase
the in-domain data Din,the domain relevance of We first compare our system with Serban et al.
expanded question q is defined as: (2016)on500randomlyselectedtriplesfrom
Freebase (Bollacker et al.,2008)².For the 500
REL(q)= cos(v(q),v(Dn)) (1) triples,we hand-crafted 106 templates, as these
triples share only 53 distinct predicates (we made
where v(）is the document embedding defined as 2 templates for each predicate on average). 991
the averaged word embedding within the docu- seed questions are generated by applying the tem-
ment. For fluency, we define the averaged lan- plates on the triples, and 1529 more questions are
guage model score as: retrievedfrom Google.Toevaluate the fluency of
the candidate questions,we train a 4-gram lan-
AVGLM(q)= LM(q) (2) guage model (LM) on gigaword (LDC2011T07)
LEN(q) withKneser Ney smoothing.Using the averaged
language model score as index, the top 500 ques-
where LM(）is the general-domain language tions areselected to comparewith theresultsfrom
model score (log probability), and LEN(）is the Serban et al. (2016). We ask three native English
word count.We apply thresholds tret and tflu speakers to evaluate the fuency and the natural-
for domain relevance and fluency respectively,and ness3 of both results based on a 4-point scheme
filter out questions whose scores are below these where 4is thebest.
thresholds. We show the averaged human rate in Table 2,
4Experiments grammatical and natural than Serban et al. (2016). where we can see that our questions are more
We perform three experiments to evaluate our sys- The naturalness score is less than the grammatical
tem qualitatively and quantitatively.In the first score for both methods. It is because naturalness is
experiment,we compare our end-to-end system a more strict metric since a natural question should
with the previous state-of-the-art method (Serban also be grammatical.
et al.,2016) on Freebase (Bollacker et al., 2008), a Shown in Table 1,we compare our questions
domain-generalKB.Inthesecond experiment,we withSerbanet al.(2016)wherequestions inthe
validateourdomainrelevanceevaluationmethod same line describe the same entity.We can see
on a standard dataset about short document classi- that our questions are grammatical and natural as
fication. In the final experiment, we run our end- these questions are what people usually ask on the
to-end system on a highly specialized in-house KB web.Onthe otherhand,questionsfromSerban et
and present sample results, showing that our sys-
tem is capable of generating questions from do- 2We obtain their results from http://agarciaduran.org
main specific KBs. 3whether people will ask in reality

Method Precision how to change circular saw blade
Phan et al. (2008) 82.18 how tomeasure lawn mower cutting height
Chen et al. (2011) 85.31 how to sharpen drill bits on bench grinder
Ma et al. (2015) 85.48 how does an oscillating multi toolwork
Ours 85.65 how tocut a grooveinwood without a router
what type of sander to use on deck
Table 3:Precision on the web snippet dataset do i need a hammer drill
can i use acrylic paint on wood
how to use a sharpening stone with oil
was someone who was involved inthe leukemia ?
and“whats thetitle of abook of the subject of the Table 4: Example question expanded
bible ?"), unnatural ("what 's one of the mountain
where can you found in argentina in netflix ?") or 4.3Evaluation on theDomain-specificKB
confusing ("who was someone who was involved
in the leukemia ?"). The last experiment is on our in-house KB in the
power tool domain. It contains 67 distinct pred-
icates, 293 distinct subjects and 279 distinct ob-
4.2Domain Relevance jects respectively.For the 67predicates,we hand-
craft 163 templates.Here we use the same lan-
We test our domain-relevance evaluating method guage model as in our first experiment, and learn
onthewebsnippetdataset,whichis acommonly a skip-gram model (Mikolov and Dean, 2013) on
usedfor domain classification ofshort documents. Wikipediafor evaluating domainrelevance.
It contains 10,060 training and 2,280 test snippets We generate 12,228 seed questions from which
(short documents)in8classes(domains),and each 20,000 more questions are expanded with Google.
snippet has 18 words on average. There have been Shown in Table 4 are some expanded questions
plenty of prior results (Phan et al., 2008; Chen et from which we can see that most of them are gram-
al., 2011; Ma et al., 2015) on the dataset. matical and relevant to the power tool domain. In
Shown in Table 3,we compare our domain- addition, most questions are informative and cor-
relevance evaluation method (section 3.1） with respond to a specific answer, except the one “do
previous state-of-the-art methods:Phan et al. I need a hammer drillthat lacks context infor-
(2008)first derives latent topics with LDA (Blei mation.Finally,in addition to the simple fac-
et al., 2003) from Wikipedia, then uses the top- toid questions, our system generates many com-
ics as appended features to expand the short text. plex questions such as “"how to cut a groove in
Chen et al.(2011) further expanded Phan et al. wood without a router".
(2008)by using multi-granularity topics.Ma et
al. (2015) adopts a Bayesian model that the prob- 5 Conclusion
ability a document D belongs to a topic t equals
to the prior of t times the probability each word We presented a system to generate natural lan-
w in D comes from t.Our method first concate- guage questions from a knowledge base. By
nates training documents of the same domaininto leveraging rich web information, our system is
one“domain document",then calculates each doc- able to generate domain-relevant questions in wide
scope, while human effort is significantly reduced.
within it, before finally assigns the label of the Evaluated byhuman graders,questions generated
nearest(cosine similarity）“domain document”to by our system are significantlybetter than these
eachtest document. from Serban et al. (2016) on 500 random-selected
triplesfromFreebase.Wealsodemonstratedgen-
Simple as it is, our method outperforms all pre- eratedquestionsfromourin-houseKBofpower
vious methods proving its effectiveness. The rea- tooldomain,whicharefluent anddomain-relevant
son can be that word embeddings captures the sim- ilarity between distinct words(such as“finance" questions without answers, leaving automatic an- in general.Our current system only generates
and “economy"), while it is hard for traditional swer mining as our future work.
methods. On the order hand, LDA only learns
probabilities of words belonging to topics. *https://dumps.wikimedia.org/

References [Mazidi and Nielsen2014]Karen Mazidi and Rodney D
[Ali et al.2010] Husam Ali, Yllias Chali, and Sadid A from sentences.In Proceedings of QG2010:The Hasan.201o.Automation of questiongeneration matic question generation. In Proceedings of ACL, pages 321-326. Nielsen. 2014. Linguistic considerations in auto-
ThirdWorkshop on QuestionGeneration,pages58- [Mikolov and Dean2013] T Mikolov and J Dean. 2013.
67. Distributed representations of words and phrases
[Auer et al.2007] Soren Auer, Christian Bizer, Georgi Kobilarov, Jens Lehmann, Richard Cyganiak, and formation processing systems. and their compositionality.Advances in neural in-
of open data.In The semantic web,pages 722-735. Zachary Ives. 2007. Dbpedia: A nucleus for a web [Phan et al.2008] Xuan-Hieu Phan, Le-Minh Nguyen, and Susumu Horiguchi. 2008.Learning to classify
Springer. short and sparse text & web with hidden topics from
[Blei et al.2003] David M Blei, Andrew Y Ng, and Michael I Jordan. 2003. Latent dirichlet allocation. Journal of machineLearning research,3(Jan):993- large-scale data collections.In Proceedings of the pages 91-100. 17thinternationalconference onWorldWideWeb,
1022. [Serban et al.2016]IulianVlad Serban,Alberto Garcia-
[Bollacker et al.2008] Kurt Bollacker, Colin Evans, Duran,Caglar Gulcehre, Sungjin Ahn,Sarath Chan-
Praveen Paritosh, Tim Sturge, and Jamie Taylor. dar,Aaron Courville,and Yoshua Bengio.2016.
2008.Freebase:a collaboratively created graph Generatingfactoidquestions withrecurrent neural
database for structuring human knowledge. In Pro- networks: The 30m factoid question-answer corpus.
ceedings of the2008ACMSIGMOD,pages 1247- InProceedingsof the54thAnnual Meetingof theAs-
1250. ACM. sociationfor Computational Linguistics (ACL-16),
pages 588-598, Berlin, Germany.
[Chen et al.2009] W Chen,G Aist, and J Mostow.
2009. Generating questions automatically from in- [Seyler et al.2015] Dominic Seyler, Mohamed Yahya,
formational text.In Proceedings of the 2nd Work- and Klaus Berberich. 2015. Generating quiz ques-
shop on Question Generation,pages17-24. tions from knowledge graphs.In Proceedings of the
24thInternationalConferenceonWorldWideWeb,
[Chen et al.2011] Mengen Chen, Xiaoming Jin, and pages 113114. ACM.
Dou Shen.2011.Short text classification im-
proved by learning multi-granularity topics.In IJ-
CAI, pages 1776-1781. Citeseer.
[Curto et al.2012]Sérgio Curto,A Mendes,and Luisa
Coheur. 2012. Question generation based on lexico-
syntactic patterns learned from theweb.Dialogue&
Discourse, 3(2):147-175.
[Heilman and Smith2010] MichaelHeilman 1and
Noah A Smith. 2010. Good question!statistical
ranking for question generation.In Human Lan-
guage Technologies:The 2010Annual Conference
of theNorthAmericanChapter of theAssociation
for Computational Linguistics,pages 609-617.
Association for Computational Linguistics
[Labutov et al.2015]Igor Labutov,Sumit Basu, and
Lucy Vanderwende.2015.Deep questions with-
out deep understanding.In Proceedings of the53rd
AnnualMeetingoftheAssociationfor Computa-
tional Linguistics (ACL-15),pages 889-898,Bei-
jing, China.
[Lindberg et al.2013] David Lindberg,Fred Popowich,
John Nesbit, and Phil Winne. 2013. Generating nat-
ural language questions to support learning on-line.
pages 105114.
[Ma et al.2015] Chenglong Ma,Weiqun Xu,Peijia Li
and Yonghong Yan.2015.Distributional represen-
tations of words for short text classification. In Pro-
ceedings oftheIstWorkshoponVectorSpaceMod-
eling for Natural LanguageProcessing,pages 33-
38,Denver,Colorado.