Question Generation from a Knowledge Base with Web Exploration
Linfeng Song' and Lin Zhao2
1Computer Science Department, University of Rochester, Rochester, NY, 14623
2Bosch Research and Technology Center, Palo Alto, CA, 94304
Abstract KBs but not for texts.
Question generation from KB is challenging as
Question generation from a knowledge function words and morphological forms for en-
base (KB)is the task of generating ques- tities are abstracted awaywhen aKB is created.
tions related to the domain of the input To tackle this challenge, previous work (Seyler et
KB. We propose a system for generating al.,2015;Serbanet al.,2016)relies onmassive
Feb 2017 fluent and natural questions from a KB, human-labeled data.Treating question generation
which significantly reduces the human ef- as a machine translation problem, Serban et al.
fort by leveraging massive web resources. (2016) train a neural machine translation (NMT)
In more detail,a seed question set is first system with 10,000 <triple*, question) pairs. At
generated by applying a small number of testtime,input triplesare“translated"intoques-
[cs.CL] 1 I hand-crafted templates on the input KB, thenmore questions are retrieved byitera- tions with the NMT system. On the other hand, the question part of the 10,000 pairs are human gen-
tivelyforming already obtained questions erated, which requires a large amount of human
effort. In addition, the grammaticality and natural-
gine, before finally questions are selected ness of generated questions can not be guaranteed
byestimating their fluencyand domain (as seen in Table 1).
relevance.Evaluated by human graders We propose a system for generating ques-
on 500 random-selected triples from Free- tions from KB that significantly reduces the hu-
base,questions generated by our system man effort byleveraging the massive webre-
are judged to be more fluent than those of sources. Given a KB, a small set of question tem-
Xiv:1610.03807v2 Serban et al. (2016) by human graders. plates are first hand-crafted based on the pred-
1Introduction icates in the KB. These templates consist of a
transcription of the predicate in the KB (e.g.
Question generation is important as questions are performsActivity=how to)and placeholders for
useful for student assessment or coaching pur- thesubject(#X#)and theobject(#Y#).Aseed
poses in educational or professional contexts,and question set is then generated by applying the tem-
e a large-scale corpus of question and answer pairs plates on the KB. The seed question set is further
is also critical to many NLP tasks including ques- expanded through a search engine (e.g., Google,
tion answering, dialogue interaction and intelli- Bing), by iteratively forming each generated ques-
gent tutoring systems. There has been much litera- tion as a search query to retrieve more related
ture so far(Chen et al.,2009;Aliet al.,2010;Heil- question candidates. Finally a selection step is ap-
man and Smith, 2010; Curto et al., 2012; Lindberg plied by estimating the fluency and domain rele-
et al.,2013; Mazidi and Nielsen, 2014; Labutov et vance of each question candidate.
al., 2015) studying question generation from text. The only human labor in this work is the ques-
Recently people are becoming interested in ques- tiontemplateconstruction.Oursystemdoesnot
tion generation from KB, since large-scale KBs, require a large number of templates because: (1)
such as Freebase (Bollacker et al., 2008) and DB- the iterative question expansion can produce a
Pedia (Auer et al., 2007), are freely available, and 'A triple is a <subject,predicate,object) in KB, such as
entitiesandtheirrelationsarealreadypresentin <jigsaw,performsActivity,CurveCut)

Knowledge Base question template construction templates question Searchesrelated tohow touse jigsaw how to use ajigsaw to cut a straightlinehow thick of wood canajigsaw cut
seed question generation how to use a jigaw to cut curves how to use a jigsaw to cut a circle howtocut plywood withajgsaw without splintering can a jigsaw cut a 2x4
seed questions web search how to use ajigsaw to cut ahole how to use a jigsawto cut laminate flooring
expansion uonsanb engine
Figure 2:Related search results for the question
expanded questions "how to use jigsaw".
Figure 1: Overview of our framework. Data: seed question set S
Result:candidate questions E
1E←S;
large number of questions even with a relatively
2 Q←S;
experiments,(2) multiple entities in the KB share small number of seed questions,as we see in the 3I←0;
4 while LEN(Q) > 0 and I < Imax do
system can easily generate updated questions as the same predicates. Another advantage is that our ment, we compare with Serban et al.(2016) on 500 random selected triples from Freebase (Bollacker et al., 2008). Evaluated by 3 human graders, ques- web is self-updating consistently. In our experi- 7 8 9 6 5 I=I+ 1; Qcur ← Q.POPO); for qnext in WEBExP(qcur) do if not E.CONTAINS(qnext) then E.APPEND(qnert);
tions generated by our system are significantly bet- 10 Q.PUSH(qnect);
ter then Serban et al. (2016) on grammaticality and 11 end
naturalness. 12 end
13 end
2 Knowledge Base Algorithm1: Question expansion method
A knowledge base(KB)canbe viewed as a di-
rected graph, in which nodes are entities (such as fore finally questions (Figure 2) are retrieved from
"jigsaw" and “CurveCut") and edges are relations Google with the seed question.
of entities (such as “performsActivity").A KB
canalsobeviewedasalistoftriplesintheformat 3.1 Question expansion andselection
of(subject,predicate,object),where subjects and Shown in Algorithm 1, the expanded question set
objects are entities, and predicates are relations. E is initialized as the seed question set (Line 1). In
3 System each iteration, an already-obtained question is ex-
pandedfromweb and theretrievedquestions are
Shown in Figure 1, our system contains the sub- added to E if E does not contain them (Lines 6-
modules of question template construction, seed 10). As there may be a large number of questions
question generation, question expansion and se- generated in the loop, we limit the maximum num-
lection. Given an input KB, a small set of ques- ber of iterations with Imar (Line 4).
tion templates is first constructed such that each The questions collected from the web search en-
template is associated with a predicate,then a seed gine may not be fuent or domain relevant; espe-
questionsetisgenerated by applyingthetemplate cially the domain relevance drops significantly as
set on the input KB,before finally more ques- the iteration goes on.Here we adopt a skip-gram
tions are generated from related questions that model (Mikolov and Dean, 2013) and a language
areiterativelyretrievedfromasearchenginewith model for evaluating the domain relevance and flu-
already-obtained questions as search queries(sec- ency of the expanded questions, respectively. For
tion 3.1). Taking our in-house KB of power tool
domain as an example, template “how to use #X#" System grammatical naturalness
is first constructed for predicate“performsActiv- Serban et al. (2016) 3.36 3.14
ity". In addition, seed question “how to use jig- Ours 3.53 3.31
saw" is generated by applying the template on
triple “<jigsaw, performsActivity, CurveCut)", be- Table 2: Human ratings of generated questions

Ours Serban et al. (2016)
what is the cultural heritage of churchill national park where in australia is churchill national park
what's one of the mountain where can you found in ar-
gentina in netflix
whichcountryis thelargestfinancialcenteroflatinamerica what is an organization thatwasborninlatin america
which countryhas thelargest freshwater lake in central what are the major town three gringos invenezuela and cen-
america tral america book
howdoesleukemia affectthebodyinchildren whowassomeonewhowasinvolved in theleukemia
how does the nervous systemmaintain homeostasis what is the drug category of central nervous system stimula-
tion
why were colonial minutemen so prepared for the arrival of what county is concord in
the british in concord
which is the only country to have a bible on their national whats the title of a book of the subject of thebible
flag
whyisnewyorkcalled thecitythatneversleeps whowasborninnewyork
what three important documents were written in pennsylva- what is located in pennsylvania
nia
Table 1: Comparing generated questions
domain relevance,we take theseed question set as 4.1Evaluation onFreebase
thein-domaindataDin,the domainrelevance of We first compare our system with Serban et al.
expanded question q is defined as: (2016）on500randomlyselectedtriplesfrom
Freebase (Bollacker et al.,2008)².For the 500
REL(q) = cos(v(q),v(Din)) (1) triples,we hand-crafted 106 templates,as these
triplesshareonly53distinctpredicates(wemade
where v(）is the document embedding defined as 2 templates for each predicate on average). 991
the averaged word embedding within the docu- seed questions aregenerated by applyingthe tem-
ment. For fluency, we define the averaged lan- plates on the triples, and 1529 more questions are
guage model score as: retrieved from Google. To evaluate the fluency of
the candidate questions, we train a 4-gram lan-
AVGLM(q) = LEN(q) LM(q) (2) guage model (LM) on gigaword (LDC2011T07)
with Kneser Ney smoothing. Using the averaged
language model score as index, the top 500 ques-
where LM(） is the general-domain language tions are selected to compare with the results from
model score (log probability), and LEN() is the Serban et al. (2016). We ask three native English
word count. We apply thresholds trel and tflu speakers to evaluate the fluency and the natural-
for domain relevance and fluency respectively, and ness? of both results based on a 4-point scheme
filter out questions whose scores are below these where 4 is the best.
thresholds. We show the averaged human rate in Table 2,
wherewecansee that ourquestionsaremore
4 Experiments grammatical and natural than Serban et al. (2016).
We perform three experiments to evaluate our sys- The naturalness score is less than the grammatical
tem qualitatively and quantitatively.In the first score for both methods. It is because naturalness is
experiment,we compare our end-to-end system a more strict metric since a natural question should
with theprevious state-of-the-art method(Serban also be grammatical.
et al.,2016) on Freebase (Bollackeret al.,2008),a Shown in Table 1，we compare our questions
domain-general KB.In the second experiment,we withSerban et al.(2016)wherequestions in the
validate our domainrelevanceevaluationmethod sameline describe the same entity.We can see
on a standard dataset about short document classi- that our questions aregrammatical and natural as
fication. In the final experiment, we run our end- these questions are what people usually ask on the
to-end system on a highly specialized in-houseKB web. On the other hand, questions from Serban et
and present sample results, showing that our sys- al. (2016) are either ungrammatical (such as “who
tem is capable of generating questions from do- 2We obtain their results from http://agarciaduran.org
main specific KBs. 3whether people will ask in reality

Method Precision howtochangecircular sawblade
Phan et al. (2008) 82.18 how to measure lawn mower cutting height
Chen et al. (2011) 85.31 how to sharpen drill bits on bench grinder
Ma et al. (2015) 85.48 how does an oscillating multi tool work
Ours 85.65 how to cut a grooveinwoodwithout a router
what typeof sander touse on deck
Table 3:Precision on the web snippet dataset do i need a hammer drill
cani use acrylicpaint onwood
how to use a sharpening stone with oil
wassomeonewhowasinvolvedin theleukemia?
and“whats thetitleof abookof thesubject of the Table 4: Example question expanded
bible ?"), unnatural ("what 's one of the mountain
where can you found in argentina in netflix ?")or 4.3Evaluation on the Domain-specific KB
confusing("whowas someone who was involved
in the leukemia ?"). The last experiment is on our in-house KB in the
power tool domain.It contains 67 distinct pred-
icates, 293 distinct subjects and 279 distinct ob-
4.2DomainRelevance jects respectively. For the 67 predicates, we hand-
craft 163 templates. Here we use the same lan-
We test our domain-relevance evaluating method guage model as in our first experiment, and learn
on the websnippet dataset,which is a commonly- a skip-gram model (Mikolov and Dean, 2013) on
used for domain classification of short documents. Wikipedia4for evaluatingdomain relevance.
It contains 10,060 training and 2,280 test snippets We generate12,228seed questions fromwhich
(shortdocuments)in8classes(domains),andeach 20,000 more questions are expanded with Google.
snippet has 18 words on average. There have been Shown in Table 4 are some expanded questions
plenty of prior results (Phan et al., 2008; Chen et from which wecansee that most of them are gram-
al.,2011;Ma et al.,2015)on the dataset. matical and relevant to the power tool domain. In
Shown in Table 3, we compare our domain- addition, most questions are informative and cor-
relevanceevaluationmethod(section3.1）with respond to a specific answer, except the one“do
previous state-of-the-art methods:Phan et al. I need a hammer drill that lacks context infor-
(2008)first derives latent topics with LDA (Blei mation.Finally, in addition to the simple fac-
et al., 2003) from Wikipedia, then uses the top- toid questions,our system generates many com-
ics as appendedfeatures to expand the short text. plex questions such as “how to cut a groove in
Chen et al.(2011) further expanded Phan et al. wood without a router".
(2008) by using multi-granularity topics. Ma et
al.(2015) adopts a Bayesian model that the prob- 5 Conclusion
ability a document D belongs to a topic t equals
tothepriorofttimestheprobabilityeachword We presented a system to generate natural lan-
w in D comes from t. Our method first concate- guage questions from a knowledge base.  By
nates training documents of the same domain into leveraging rich web information, our system is
one“domain document",then calculates each doc- abletogeneratedomain-relevantquestionsinwide
ument embedding by averaging word embeddings scope, while human effort is significantly reduced.
within it, before finally assigns the label of the Evaluated by human graders, questions generated
nearest (cosine similarity）“domain document"to by our system are significantlybetter than these
eachtestdocument. fromSerbanet al.(2016)on500random-selected
triples from Freebase. We also demonstrated gen-
Simple as it is, our method outperforms all pre- erated questions from our in-house KB of power
vious methods proving its effectiveness. The rea- tool domain,which are fluent and domain-relevant
son can be that word embeddings captures the sim- in general.Our current system only generates
questions without answers, leaving automatic an-
and “economy"), while it is hard for traditional swermining as ourfuture work.
methods. On the order hand, LDA only learns
probabilities of words belonging to topics. 4https://dumps.wikimedia.org/

References [Mazidi andNielsen2014]KarenMazidi and RodneyD
[Aliet al.2010]Husam Ali,Yllias Chali,and Sadid A Hasan.2010.Automation of question generation pages 321-326. matic question generation.In Proceedings of ACL, Nielsen.2014.Linguistic considerations in auto-
from sentences.In Proceedings of QG2010:The
ThirdWorkshoponQuestionGeneration,pages58- [Mikolov and Dean2013]T Mikolov and JDean.2013.
67. Distributed representations of words and phrases
[Auer et al.2007] Soren Auer, Christian Bizer, Georgi Kobilarov,Jens Lehmann,Richard Cyganiak,and formationprocessingsystems. and their compositionality.Advances in neural in-
Zachary Ives. 2007. Dbpedia: A nucleus for a web [Phan et al.2008] Xuan-Hieu Phan, Le-Minh Nguyen,
of open data.In The semantic web,pages 722-735. and Susumu Horiguchi. 2008. Learning to classify
Springer. short and sparse text &webwith hidden topics from
[Bleiet al.2003] David M Blei, Andrew Y Ng, and large-scale data collections.In Proceedings of the
Michael I Jordan. 2003. Latent dirichlet allocation. 17thinternationalconferenceonWorldWideWeb,
Journal of machine Learning research,3(Jan):993- pages 91-100.
1022. [Serban et al.2016]IulianVladSerban,AlbertoGarcia-
[Bollacker et al.2008] Kurt Bollacker, Colin Evans, Duran,Caglar Gulcehre,Sungjin Ahn,Sarath Chan-
Praveen Paritosh,Tim Sturge,and Jamie Taylor. dar, Aaron Courville, and Yoshua Bengio.2016.
2008.Freebase:a collaboratively created graph Generatingfactoidquestionswithrecurrentneural
databasefor structuring humanknowledge.In Pro- networks: The 30m factoid question-answer corpus.
ceedings of the 2008 ACM SIGMOD,pages1247- InProceedingsofthe54thAnnualMeetingoftheAs-
1250. ACM. sociation for Computational Linguistics(ACL-16),
pages 588-598, Berlin, Germany.
[Chen et al.2009] WChen,GAist,and J Mostow.
2009. Generating questions automatically from in- [Seyler et al.2015] Dominic Seyler, Mohamed Yahya,
formational text.In Proceedings of the 2nd Work- and Klaus Berberich. 2015. Generating quiz ques-
shop on Question Generation, pages 17-24. tions from knowledge graphs.InProceedings of the
24thInternationalConferenceonWorldWideWeb,
[Chen et al.2011] Mengen Chen, Xiaoming Jin, and pages 113-114. ACM.
Dou Shen.2011.Short text classification im-
proved by learning multi-granularity topics. In IJ-
CAl,pages 1776-1781.Citeseer.
[Curto et al.2012]Sérgio Curto, A Mendes,and Luisa
Coheur. 2012. Question generation based on lexico-
syntactic patterns learned from the web.Dialogue&
Discourse,3(2):147-175.
[Heilman and Smith2010]MichaelHeilmanand
Noah A Smith.2010.Good question! statistical
ranking for question generation. In Human Lan-
guageTechnologies:The2010Annual Conference
oftheNorthAmericanChapteroftheAssociation
for Computational Linguistics, pages 609-617.
AssociationforComputationalLinguistics.
[Labutov et al.2015] Igor Labutov, Sumit Basu, and
Lucy Vanderwende.2015.Deep questions with-
out deep understanding.InProceedings of the53rd
AnnualMeetingoftheAssociationforComputa-
tional Linguistics (ACL-15),pages 889-898,Bei-
jing, China.
[Lindberg et al.2013] David Lindberg, Fred Popowich,
John Nesbit, and Phil Winne. 2013. Generating nat-
ural language questions to support learning on-line.
pages 105-114.
[Ma et al.2015] Chenglong Ma, Weiqun Xu, Peijia Li,
and Yonghong Yan. 2015. Distributional represen-
tations of words for short text classification. In Pro-
ceedingsoftheIstWorkshoponVectorSpaceMod-
eling for Natural Language Processing,pages 33-
38,Denver, Colorado.