Question Generation from a Knowledge Base with Web Exploration
Linfeng Song1 and Lin Zhao2
1Computer Science Department, University of Rochester, Rochester, NY , 14623
2Bosch Research and Technology Center, Palo Alto, CA, 94304
Abstract
Question generation from a knowledge
base (KB) is the task of generating ques-
tions related to the domain of the input
KB. We propose a system for generating
ﬂuent and natural questions from a KB,
which signiﬁcantly reduces the human ef-
fort by leveraging massive web resources.
In more detail, a seed question set is ﬁrst
generated by applying a small number of
hand-crafted templates on the input KB,
then more questions are retrieved by itera-
tively forming already obtained questions
as search queries into a standard search en-
gine, before ﬁnally questions are selected
by estimating their ﬂuency and domain
relevance. Evaluated by human graders
on 500 random-selected triples from Free-
base, questions generated by our system
are judged to be more ﬂuent than those of
Serban et al. (2016) by human graders.
1 Introduction
Question generation is important as questions are
useful for student assessment or coaching pur-
poses in educational or professional contexts, and
a large-scale corpus of question and answer pairs
is also critical to many NLP tasks including ques-
tion answering, dialogue interaction and intelli-
gent tutoring systems. There has been much litera-
ture so far (Chen et al., 2009; Ali et al., 2010; Heil-
man and Smith, 2010; Curto et al., 2012; Lindberg
et al., 2013; Mazidi and Nielsen, 2014; Labutov et
al., 2015) studying question generation from text.
Recently people are becoming interested in ques-
tion generation from KB, since large-scale KBs,
such as Freebase (Bollacker et al., 2008) and DB-
Pedia (Auer et al., 2007), are freely available, and
entities and their relations are already present in
KBs but not for texts.
Question generation from KB is challenging as
function words and morphological forms for en-
tities are abstracted away when a KB is created.
To tackle this challenge, previous work (Seyler et
al., 2015; Serban et al., 2016) relies on massive
human-labeled data. Treating question generation
as a machine translation problem, Serban et al.
(2016) train a neural machine translation (NMT)
system with 10,000 ⟨triple1, question⟩ pairs. At
test time, input triples are “translated” into ques-
tions with the NMT system. On the other hand, the
question part of the 10,000 pairs are human gen-
erated, which requires a large amount of human
effort. In addition, the grammaticality and natural-
ness of generated questions can not be guaranteed
(as seen in Table 1).
We propose a system for generating ques-
tions from KB that signiﬁcantly reduces the hu-
man effort by leveraging the massive web re-
sources. Given a KB, a small set of question tem-
plates are ﬁrst hand-crafted based on the pred-
icates in the KB. These templates consist of a
transcription of the predicate in the KB (e.g.
performsActivity⇒how to) and placeholders for
the subject (#X#) and the object (#Y#). A seed
question set is then generated by applying the tem-
plates on the KB. The seed question set is further
expanded through a search engine (e.g., Google,
Bing), by iteratively forming each generated ques-
tion as a search query to retrieve more related
question candidates. Finally a selection step is ap-
plied by estimating the ﬂuency and domain rele-
vance of each question candidate.
The only human labor in this work is the ques-
tion template construction. Our system does not
require a large number of templates because: (1)
the iterative question expansion can produce a
1A triple is a ⟨subject,predicate,object⟩ in KB, such as
⟨jigsaw, performsActivity, CurveCut⟩
arXiv:1610.03807v2  [cs.CL]  1 Feb 2017

question 
expansion
seed 
question
generation
Knowledge 
Base
question 
templates
question 
template
construction
seed 
questions
expanded 
questions
web 
search 
engine
Figure 1: Overview of our framework.
large number of questions even with a relatively
small number of seed questions, as we see in the
experiments, (2) multiple entities in the KB share
the same predicates. Another advantage is that our
system can easily generate updated questions as
web is self-updating consistently. In our experi-
ment, we compare with Serban et al. (2016) on 500
random selected triples from Freebase (Bollacker
et al., 2008). Evaluated by 3 human graders, ques-
tions generated by our system are signiﬁcantly bet-
ter then Serban et al. (2016) on grammaticality and
naturalness.
2 Knowledge Base
A knowledge base (KB) can be viewed as a di-
rected graph, in which nodes are entities (such as
“jigsaw” and “CurveCut”) and edges are relations
of entities (such as “performsActivity”). A KB
can also be viewed as a list of triples in the format
of⟨subject, predicate, object⟩, where subjects and
objects are entities, and predicates are relations.
3 System
Shown in Figure 1, our system contains the sub-
modules of question template construction, seed
question generation, question expansion and se-
lection. Given an input KB, a small set of ques-
tion templates is ﬁrst constructed such that each
template is associated with a predicate, then a seed
question set is generated by applying the template
set on the input KB, before ﬁnally more ques-
tions are generated from related questions that
are iteratively retrieved from a search engine with
already-obtained questions as search queries (sec-
tion 3.1). Taking our in-house KB of power tool
domain as an example, template “how to use #X#”
is ﬁrst constructed for predicate “performsActiv-
ity”. In addition, seed question “how to use jig-
saw” is generated by applying the template on
triple “⟨jigsaw, performsActivity, CurveCut⟩”, be-
Figure 2: Related search results for the question
“how to use jigsaw”.
Data: seed question set S
Result: candidate questions E
1 E← S;
2 Q← S;
3 I← 0;
4 while LEN (Q) > 0 and I < I max do
5 I = I + 1;
6 qcur← Q.POP();
7 for qnext in WEBEXP(qcur) do
8 if not E.CONTAINS (qnext) then
9 E.APPEND (qnext) ;
10 Q.PUSH(qnext);
11 end
12 end
13 end
Algorithm 1: Question expansion method
fore ﬁnally questions (Figure 2) are retrieved from
Google with the seed question.
3.1 Question expansion and selection
Shown in Algorithm 1, the expanded question set
E is initialized as the seed question set (Line 1). In
each iteration, an already-obtained question is ex-
panded from web and the retrieved questions are
added to E if E does not contain them (Lines 6-
10). As there may be a large number of questions
generated in the loop, we limit the maximum num-
ber of iterations with Imax (Line 4).
The questions collected from the web search en-
gine may not be ﬂuent or domain relevant; espe-
cially the domain relevance drops signiﬁcantly as
the iteration goes on. Here we adopt a skip-gram
model (Mikolov and Dean, 2013) and a language
model for evaluating the domain relevance and ﬂu-
ency of the expanded questions, respectively. For
System grammatical naturalness
Serban et al. (2016) 3.36 3.14
Ours 3.53 3.31
Table 2: Human ratings of generated questions

Ours Serban et al. (2016)
what is the cultural heritage of churchill national park where in australia is churchill national park
what percentage of argentina’s population live in urban areas what ’s one of the mountain where can you found in ar-
gentina in netﬂix
which country is the largest ﬁnancial center of latin america what is an organization that was born in latin america
which country has the largest freshwater lake in central
america
what are the major town three gringos in venezuela and cen-
tral america book
how does leukemia affect the body in children who was someone who was involved in the leukemia
how does the nervous system maintain homeostasis what is the drug category of central nervous system stimula-
tion
why were colonial minutemen so prepared for the arrival of
the british in concord
what county is concord in
which is the only country to have a bible on their national
ﬂag
whats the title of a book of the subject of the bible
why is new york called the city that never sleeps who was born in new york
what three important documents were written in pennsylva-
nia
what is located in pennsylvania
Table 1: Comparing generated questions
domain relevance, we take the seed question set as
the in-domain data Din, the domain relevance of
expanded question q is deﬁned as:
REL(q) = cos( v(q), v(Din)) (1)
where v(·) is the document embedding deﬁned as
the averaged word embedding within the docu-
ment. For ﬂuency, we deﬁne the averaged lan-
guage model score as:
AVGLM(q) = LM(q)
LEN(q) (2)
where L M(·) is the general-domain language
model score (log probability), and L EN(·) is the
word count. We apply thresholds trel and tf lu
for domain relevance and ﬂuency respectively, and
ﬁlter out questions whose scores are below these
thresholds.
4 Experiments
We perform three experiments to evaluate our sys-
tem qualitatively and quantitatively. In the ﬁrst
experiment, we compare our end-to-end system
with the previous state-of-the-art method (Serban
et al., 2016) on Freebase (Bollacker et al., 2008), a
domain-general KB. In the second experiment, we
validate our domain relevance evaluation method
on a standard dataset about short document classi-
ﬁcation. In the ﬁnal experiment, we run our end-
to-end system on a highly specialized in-house KB
and present sample results, showing that our sys-
tem is capable of generating questions from do-
main speciﬁc KBs.
4.1 Evaluation on Freebase
We ﬁrst compare our system with Serban et al.
(2016) on 500 randomly selected triples from
Freebase (Bollacker et al., 2008) 2. For the 500
triples, we hand-crafted 106 templates, as these
triples share only 53 distinct predicates (we made
2 templates for each predicate on average). 991
seed questions are generated by applying the tem-
plates on the triples, and 1529 more questions are
retrieved from Google. To evaluate the ﬂuency of
the candidate questions, we train a 4-gram lan-
guage model (LM) on gigaword (LDC2011T07)
with Kneser Ney smoothing. Using the averaged
language model score as index, the top 500 ques-
tions are selected to compare with the results from
Serban et al. (2016). We ask three native English
speakers to evaluate the ﬂuency and the natural-
ness3 of both results based on a 4-point scheme
where 4 is the best.
We show the averaged human rate in Table 2,
where we can see that our questions are more
grammatical and natural than Serban et al. (2016).
The naturalness score is less than the grammatical
score for both methods. It is because naturalness is
a more strict metric since a natural question should
also be grammatical.
Shown in Table 1, we compare our questions
with Serban et al. (2016) where questions in the
same line describe the same entity. We can see
that our questions are grammatical and natural as
these questions are what people usually ask on the
web. On the other hand, questions from Serban et
al. (2016) are either ungrammatical (such as “who
2We obtain their results from http://agarciaduran.org
3whether people will ask in reality

Method Precision
Phan et al. (2008) 82.18
Chen et al. (2011) 85.31
Ma et al. (2015) 85.48
Ours 85.65
Table 3: Precision on the web snippet dataset
was someone who was involved in the leukemia ?”
and “whats the title of a book of the subject of the
bible ?”), unnatural (“what ’s one of the mountain
where can you found in argentina in netﬂix ?”) or
confusing (“who was someone who was involved
in the leukemia ?”).
4.2 Domain Relevance
We test our domain-relevance evaluating method
on the web snippet dataset, which is a commonly-
used for domain classiﬁcation of short documents.
It contains 10,060 training and 2,280 test snippets
(short documents) in 8 classes (domains), and each
snippet has 18 words on average. There have been
plenty of prior results (Phan et al., 2008; Chen et
al., 2011; Ma et al., 2015) on the dataset.
Shown in Table 3, we compare our domain-
relevance evaluation method (section 3.1) with
previous state-of-the-art methods: Phan et al.
(2008) ﬁrst derives latent topics with LDA (Blei
et al., 2003) from Wikipedia, then uses the top-
ics as appended features to expand the short text.
Chen et al. (2011) further expanded Phan et al.
(2008) by using multi-granularity topics. Ma et
al. (2015) adopts a Bayesian model that the prob-
ability a document D belongs to a topic t equals
to the prior of t times the probability each word
w in D comes from t. Our method ﬁrst concate-
nates training documents of the same domain into
one “domain document”, then calculates each doc-
ument embedding by averaging word embeddings
within it, before ﬁnally assigns the label of the
nearest (cosine similarity) “domain document” to
each test document.
Simple as it is, our method outperforms all pre-
vious methods proving its effectiveness. The rea-
son can be that word embeddings captures the sim-
ilarity between distinct words (such as “ﬁnance”
and “economy”), while it is hard for traditional
methods. On the order hand, LDA only learns
probabilities of words belonging to topics.
how to change circular saw blade
how to measure lawn mower cutting height
how to sharpen drill bits on bench grinder
how does an oscillating multi tool work
how to cut a groove in wood without a router
what type of sander to use on deck
do i need a hammer drill
can i use acrylic paint on wood
how to use a sharpening stone with oil
Table 4: Example question expanded
4.3 Evaluation on the Domain-speciﬁc KB
The last experiment is on our in-house KB in the
power tool domain. It contains 67 distinct pred-
icates, 293 distinct subjects and 279 distinct ob-
jects respectively. For the 67 predicates, we hand-
craft 163 templates. Here we use the same lan-
guage model as in our ﬁrst experiment, and learn
a skip-gram model (Mikolov and Dean, 2013) on
Wikipedia4 for evaluating domain relevance.
We generate 12,228 seed questions from which
20,000 more questions are expanded with Google.
Shown in Table 4 are some expanded questions
from which we can see that most of them are gram-
matical and relevant to the power tool domain. In
addition, most questions are informative and cor-
respond to a speciﬁc answer, except the one “do
I need a hammer drill” that lacks context infor-
mation. Finally, in addition to the simple fac-
toid questions, our system generates many com-
plex questions such as “how to cut a groove in
wood without a router”.
5 Conclusion
We presented a system to generate natural lan-
guage questions from a knowledge base. By
leveraging rich web information, our system is
able to generate domain-relevant questions in wide
scope, while human effort is signiﬁcantly reduced.
Evaluated by human graders, questions generated
by our system are signiﬁcantly better than these
from Serban et al. (2016) on 500 random-selected
triples from Freebase. We also demonstrated gen-
erated questions from our in-house KB of power
tool domain, which are ﬂuent and domain-relevant
in general. Our current system only generates
questions without answers, leaving automatic an-
swer mining as our future work.
4https://dumps.wikimedia.org/

References
[Ali et al.2010] Husam Ali, Yllias Chali, and Sadid A
Hasan. 2010. Automation of question generation
from sentences. In Proceedings of QG2010: The
Third Workshop on Question Generation, pages 58–
67.
[Auer et al.2007] S ¨oren Auer, Christian Bizer, Georgi
Kobilarov, Jens Lehmann, Richard Cyganiak, and
Zachary Ives. 2007. Dbpedia: A nucleus for a web
of open data. In The semantic web , pages 722–735.
Springer.
[Blei et al.2003] David M Blei, Andrew Y Ng, and
Michael I Jordan. 2003. Latent dirichlet allocation.
Journal of machine Learning research , 3(Jan):993–
1022.
[Bollacker et al.2008] Kurt Bollacker, Colin Evans,
Praveen Paritosh, Tim Sturge, and Jamie Taylor.
2008. Freebase: a collaboratively created graph
database for structuring human knowledge. In Pro-
ceedings of the 2008 ACM SIGMOD , pages 1247–
1250. ACM.
[Chen et al.2009] W Chen, G Aist, and J Mostow.
2009. Generating questions automatically from in-
formational text. In Proceedings of the 2nd Work-
shop on Question Generation , pages 17–24.
[Chen et al.2011] Mengen Chen, Xiaoming Jin, and
Dou Shen. 2011. Short text classiﬁcation im-
proved by learning multi-granularity topics. In IJ-
CAI, pages 1776–1781. Citeseer.
[Curto et al.2012] S ´ergio Curto, A Mendes, and Luisa
Coheur. 2012. Question generation based on lexico-
syntactic patterns learned from the web. Dialogue &
Discourse, 3(2):147–175.
[Heilman and Smith2010] Michael Heilman and
Noah A Smith. 2010. Good question! statistical
ranking for question generation. In Human Lan-
guage Technologies: The 2010 Annual Conference
of the North American Chapter of the Association
for Computational Linguistics , pages 609–617.
Association for Computational Linguistics.
[Labutov et al.2015] Igor Labutov, Sumit Basu, and
Lucy Vanderwende. 2015. Deep questions with-
out deep understanding. In Proceedings of the 53rd
Annual Meeting of the Association for Computa-
tional Linguistics (ACL-15) , pages 889–898, Bei-
jing, China.
[Lindberg et al.2013] David Lindberg, Fred Popowich,
John Nesbit, and Phil Winne. 2013. Generating nat-
ural language questions to support learning on-line.
pages 105–114.
[Ma et al.2015] Chenglong Ma, Weiqun Xu, Peijia Li,
and Yonghong Yan. 2015. Distributional represen-
tations of words for short text classiﬁcation. In Pro-
ceedings of the 1st Workshop on V ector Space Mod-
eling for Natural Language Processing , pages 33–
38, Denver, Colorado.
[Mazidi and Nielsen2014] Karen Mazidi and Rodney D
Nielsen. 2014. Linguistic considerations in auto-
matic question generation. In Proceedings of ACL ,
pages 321–326.
[Mikolov and Dean2013] T Mikolov and J Dean. 2013.
Distributed representations of words and phrases
and their compositionality. Advances in neural in-
formation processing systems.
[Phan et al.2008] Xuan-Hieu Phan, Le-Minh Nguyen,
and Susumu Horiguchi. 2008. Learning to classify
short and sparse text & web with hidden topics from
large-scale data collections. In Proceedings of the
17th international conference on World Wide Web ,
pages 91–100.
[Serban et al.2016] Iulian Vlad Serban, Alberto Garc ´ıa-
Dur´an, Caglar Gulcehre, Sungjin Ahn, Sarath Chan-
dar, Aaron Courville, and Yoshua Bengio. 2016.
Generating factoid questions with recurrent neural
networks: The 30m factoid question-answer corpus.
In Proceedings of the 54th Annual Meeting of the As-
sociation for Computational Linguistics (ACL-16) ,
pages 588–598, Berlin, Germany.
[Seyler et al.2015] Dominic Seyler, Mohamed Yahya,
and Klaus Berberich. 2015. Generating quiz ques-
tions from knowledge graphs. In Proceedings of the
24th International Conference on World Wide Web ,
pages 113–114. ACM.