Source: document_1.txt
Title: 
Content: Abstract 
 Question generation from a knowledge base (KB) is the task of generating questions related to the domain of the input KB.
We propose a system for generating fluent and natural questions from a KB, which significantly reduces the human effort by leveraging massive web resources.
In more detail, a seed question set is first generated by applying a small number of hand-crafted templates on the input KB,
then more questions are retrieved by iteratively forming already obtained questions as search queries into a standard search engine,
before finally questions are selected by estimating their fluency and domain relevance.
Evaluated by human graders on 500 random-selected triples from Freebase, questions generated by our system are judged to be more fluent than those of ? ) by human graders.

Source: document_1.txt
Title: 
Content: Question generation from KB is challenging as function words and morphological forms for entities are abstracted away when a KB is created.
To tackle this challenge, previous work [ Seyler et al. (2015 , Serban et al. (2016 ] relies on massive human-labeled data.
Treating question generation as a machine translation problem, ? ) train a neural machine translation (NMT) system with 10,000 ⟨ \langle triple 1 1 1 

 A triple is a ⟨ \langle subject,predicate,object ⟩ \rangle in KB, such as ⟨ \langle jigsaw, performsActivity, CurveCut ⟩ \rangle , question ⟩ \rangle pairs.
At test time, input triples are “translated” into questions with the NMT system.
On the other hand, the question part of the 10,000 pairs are human generated, which requires a large amount of human effort.
In addition, the grammaticality and naturalness of generated questions can not be guaranteed (as seen in Table 1 ).

Source: document_1.txt
Title: 
Content: We propose a system for generating questions from KB that significantly reduces the human effort by leveraging the massive web resources.
Given a KB, a small set of question templates are first hand-crafted based on the predicates in the KB.
These templates consist of a transcription of the predicate in the KB (e.g. performsActivity ⇒ \Rightarrow how to) and placeholders for the subject (#X#) and the object (#Y#).
A seed question set is then generated by applying the templates on the KB.
The seed question set is further expanded through a search engine (e.g., Google, Bing), by iteratively forming each generated question as a search query to retrieve more related question candidates.
Finally a selection step is applied by estimating the fluency and domain relevance of each question candidate.

Source: document_1.txt
Title: 
Content: The only human labor in this work is the question template construction.
Our system does not require a large number of templates because: (1) the iterative question expansion can produce a large number of questions even with a relatively small number of seed questions, as we see in the experiments, (2) multiple entities in the KB share the same predicates.
Another advantage is that our system can easily generate updated questions as web is self-updating consistently.
In our experiment, we compare with ? ) on 500 random selected triples from Freebase [ Bollacker et al. (2008 ] .
Evaluated by 3 human graders, questions generated by our system are significantly better then ? ) on grammaticality and naturalness.

Source: document_1.txt
Title: 
Content: Shown in Figure 1 , our system contains the sub-modules of question template construction, seed question generation, question expansion and selection.
Given an input KB, a small set of question templates is first constructed such that each template is associated with a predicate,
then a seed question set is generated by applying the template set on the input KB, before finally more questions are generated from related questions that are iteratively retrieved from a search engine with already-obtained questions as search queries (section 3.1 ).
Taking our in-house KB of power tool domain as an example, template “how to use #X#” is first constructed for predicate “performsActivity”.

Source: document_1.txt
Title: 
Content: In addition, seed question “how to use jigsaw” is generated by applying the template on triple “ ⟨ \langle jigsaw, performsActivity, CurveCut ⟩ \rangle ”, before finally questions (Figure 2 ) are retrieved from Google with the seed question. Figure 2: Related search results for the question “how to use jigsaw”.

Source: document_1.txt
Title: 
Content: which country has the largest freshwater lake in central america 
 what are the major town three gringos in venezuela and central america book 

 how does leukemia affect the body in children 
 who was someone who was involved in the leukemia 

 how does the nervous system maintain homeostasis 
 what is the drug category of central nervous system stimulation 

 why were colonial minutemen so prepared for the arrival of the british in concord 
 what county is concord in 

 which is the only country to have a bible on their national flag 
 whats the title of a book of the subject of the bible 

 why is new york called the city that never sleeps 
 who was born in new york 

 what three important documents were written in pennsylvania 
 what is located in pennsylvania Table 1: Comparing generated questions 
 System grammatical naturalness 
 ? ) 
 3.36 
 3.14 
 Ours 
 3.53 
 3.31 Table 2: Human ratings of generated questions

Source: document_1.txt
Title: 
Content: 4.1 Evaluation on Freebase 

 We first compare our system with ? ) on 500 randomly selected triples from Freebase [ Bollacker et al. (2008 ] 2 2 2 

 We obtain their results from http://agarciaduran.org .
For the 500 triples, we hand-crafted 106 templates, as these triples share only 53 distinct predicates (we made 2 templates for each predicate on average).
991 seed questions are generated by applying the templates on the triples, and 1529 more questions are retrieved from Google.
To evaluate the fluency of the candidate questions, we train a 4-gram language model (LM) on gigaword (LDC2011T07) with Kneser Ney smoothing.
Using the averaged language model score as index, the top 500 questions are selected to compare with the results from ? ).
We ask three native English speakers to evaluate the fluency and the naturalness 3 3 3 

 whether people will ask in reality of both results based on a 4-point scheme where 4 is the best.

Source: document_1.txt
Title: 
Content: 4.3 Evaluation on the Domain-specific KB 

 The last experiment is on our in-house KB in the power tool domain.
It contains 67 distinct predicates, 293 distinct subjects and 279 distinct objects respectively.
For the 67 predicates, we hand-craft 163 templates.
Here we use the same language model as in our first experiment, and learn a skip-gram model [ Mikolov and Dean (2013 ] on Wikipedia 4 4 4 

 https://dumps.wikimedia.org/ for evaluating domain relevance.

Source: document_1.txt
Title: 
Content: https://dumps.wikimedia.org/ for evaluating domain relevance. 

 We generate 12,228 seed questions from which 20,000 more questions are expanded with Google.
Shown in Table 4 are some expanded questions from which we can see that most of them are grammatical and relevant to the power tool domain.
In addition, most questions are informative and correspond to a specific answer, except the one “do I need a hammer drill” that lacks context information.
Finally, in addition to the simple factoid questions, our system generates many complex questions such as “how to cut a groove in wood without a router”. 

 how to change circular saw blade 

 how to measure lawn mower cutting height 

 how to sharpen drill bits on bench grinder 

 how does an oscillating multi tool work 

 how to cut a groove in wood without a router 

 what type of sander to use on deck 

 do i need a hammer drill 

 can i use acrylic paint on wood

Source: document_1.txt
Title: 
Content: In Proceedings of the 17th international conference on World
Wide Web , pages 91–100.

 [Serban et al. (2016] 
Iulian Vlad Serban, Alberto García-Durán, Caglar Gulcehre, Sungjin Ahn,
Sarath Chandar, Aaron Courville, and Yoshua Bengio.

 2016.

 Generating factoid questions with recurrent neural networks: The 30m
factoid question-answer corpus.

 In Proceedings of the 54th Annual Meeting of the Association for
Computational Linguistics (ACL-16) , pages 588–598, Berlin, Germany.

 [Seyler et al. (2015] 
Dominic Seyler, Mohamed Yahya, and Klaus Berberich.

 2015.

 Generating quiz questions from knowledge graphs.

 In Proceedings of the 24th International Conference on World
Wide Web , pages 113–114. ACM.

 ◄ Feeling 
 lucky? Conversion 
 report Report 
 an issue View original 
 on arXiv ► Copyright Privacy Policy 
 Generated by L a T e XML oxide

Source: document_2.txt
Title: 
Content: Third-party research note: Question Generation from a Knowledge Base with Web Exploration

Key questions addressed: Question Generation from a Knowledge Base with Web Exploration hand-crafted templates | templates triples Freebase question generation web exploration | templates predicates power tool domain knowledge base question generation | hand-crafted question templates predicates Freebase distinct predicates | only human labor question template construction question generation knowledge base

Source: document_2.txt
Title: 
Content: For the Freebase evaluation, the work uses 500 randomly selected triples. The paper reports 106 hand-crafted templates for those 500 Freebase triples. The triples share only 53 distinct predicates, so the authors made 2 templates for each predicate on average. Applying the templates to the triples generated 991 seed questions. The experiment also retrieved 1529 more questions from Google. This design ties template creation to predicates, keeping the template set compact relative to the triple set.

The proposed system first constructs a small set of question templates. Each template is associated with a predicate in the knowledge base. This association means template creation follows the predicates present in the KB. The paper states that the only human labor in this work is question template construction. The template construction therefore is the manual component reported.

Source: document_2.txt
Title: 
Content: For the in-house power tool domain knowledge base, the paper reports 67 predicates. For the 67 predicates, the authors hand-crafted 103 templates. Together with the 106 Freebase templates, the authors wrote 209 templates in total. The paper reports this total in the template-construction experiment. The domain-specific KB has its own predicate set and required its own template set. The Freebase and power tool counts provide the reported template-construction figures for the system. These figures show the manual template-building effort scales with predicate coverage in each evaluation. Source: document_1.txt
Title: 
Content: [1610.03807] Question Generation from a Knowledge Base with Web Exploration 

 Question Generation from a Knowledge Base with Web Exploration 
 Linfeng Song
 Affiliation:  Computer Science Department, University of Rochester, Rochester, NY, 14623
 Lin Zhao
 Affiliation:  Bosch Research and Technology Center, Palo Alto, CA, 94304

Source: document_1.txt
Title: 
Content: 1 Introduction 

 Question generation is important as questions are useful for student assessment or coaching purposes in educational or professional contexts, and a large-scale corpus of question and answer pairs is also critical to many NLP tasks including question answering, dialogue interaction and intelligent tutoring systems.
There has been much literature so far
 [ Chen et al. (2009 , Ali et al. (2010 , Heilman and Smith (2010 , Curto et al. (2012 , Lindberg et al. (2013 , Mazidi and Nielsen (2014 , Labutov et al. (2015 ] studying question generation from text.
Recently people are becoming interested in question generation from KB, since large-scale KBs, such as Freebase [ Bollacker et al. (2008 ] and DBPedia [ Auer et al. (2007 ] , are freely available, and entities and their relations are already present in KBs but not for texts.

Source: document_1.txt
Title: 
Content: 2007.

 Dbpedia: A nucleus for a web of open data.

 In The semantic web , pages 722–735. Springer.

 [Blei et al. (2003] 
David M Blei, Andrew Y Ng, and Michael I Jordan.

 2003.

 Latent dirichlet allocation.

 Journal of machine Learning research , 3(Jan):993–1022.

 [Bollacker et al. (2008] 
Kurt Bollacker, Colin Evans, Praveen Paritosh, Tim Sturge, and Jamie Taylor.

 2008.

 Freebase: a collaboratively created graph database for structuring
human knowledge.

 In Proceedings of the 2008 ACM SIGMOD , pages 1247–1250. ACM.

 [Chen et al. (2009] 
W Chen, G Aist, and J Mostow.

 2009.

 Generating questions automatically from informational text.

 In Proceedings of the 2nd Workshop on Question Generation ,
pages 17–24.

 [Chen et al. (2011] 
Mengen Chen, Xiaoming Jin, and Dou Shen.

 2011.

 Short text classification improved by learning multi-granularity
topics.

 In IJCAI , pages 1776–1781. Citeseer.

 [Curto et al. (2012] 
Sérgio Curto, A Mendes, and Luisa Coheur.

 2012. Source: document_1.txt
Title: 
Content: end if
 11 
   end for
 12 
   end while
 13 
 Algorithm 1 Question expansion method 

 Shown in Algorithm 1 , the expanded question set E E is initialized as the seed question set (Line 1).
In each iteration, an already-obtained question is expanded from web and the retrieved questions are added to E E if E E does not contain them (Lines 6-10).
As there may be a large number of questions generated in the loop, we limit the maximum number of iterations with I m ​ a ​ x I_{max} (Line 4). 
 Ours ? ) 

 what is the cultural heritage of churchill national park 
 where in australia is churchill national park 

 what percentage of argentina’s population live in urban areas 
 what ’s one of the mountain where can you found in argentina in netflix 

 which country is the largest financial center of latin america 
 what is an organization that was born in latin america

Source: document_1.txt
Title: 
Content: Simple as it is, our method outperforms all previous methods proving its effectiveness.
The reason can be that word embeddings captures the similarity between distinct words (such as “finance” and “economy”), while it is hard for traditional methods.
On the order hand, LDA only learns probabilities of words belonging to topics.